POST / HTTP/1.1
Host: f5e7b224.ngrok.io
Accept: */*
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 437241
Expect: 100-continue
X-Forwarded-For: 54.208.46.135

{"q":"available","paragraphs":{"0":"The procedures listed below are intended to assist university departments and operators of pool vehicles by outlining instructions pertinent to reservations and scheduling; pickup, use and return of vehicles; billing; and policy and procedure changes.","1":"On this tape\/disk the students will provide finished copies of all their projects and exercises with the standard pre-roll of bars\/tone, slate (CG) and beep count (10-3 sec) at the beginning of the package. At the conclusion each tape\/disk the students will record a complete list of credits.","2":"Moreover, because the identity of these 26 students was known, the principal investigator was able to get a complete set of data for all these students from student records. Ironically, for this smaller group the only variable with significant missing data is the sample GRE test score since some of these students did not put their identification number on the answer sheet.","3":"Exact matches with other data bases. In the U.S., these are most often thought of with reference to either Social Security or Internal Revenue Service files, but privacy concerns and other priorities for the outside agencies have meant that such matches have occurred only rarely. In this circumstance an identification variable would be used to match the record in the survey with the record in the outside database, and the variables in the outside database could be added as needed to the survey. Some exact matching is possible because of sample design, e.g., with the U.S. Current Population Survey, for which any given respondent is interviewed once a month for four months, and then again for the same time period one year later.","4":"Prisoner Con, an e-mail is sent to you from someone suffering a hardship who wants your help transferring a substantial amount of money between another country and yours. You are promised a large portion of the funds for either advancing money from your own funds or supplying your bank information (e.g., account number, routing number, user id, and password, etc.).","5":"Knowledge of the natural environment of developing nations will give you a clearer understanding of world events as they unfold during your lifetime. Furthermore, you will develop a sense of community and awareness of the global interdependence of the human experience. It will be impossible for you to consider nature and its relationship to developing nations without also probing the ethical responsibilities that humans have to each other. This will be a course that has lasting value to you as you experience the complex web of human activities during your lifetime.","6":"The Music Department has extensive facilities including, rehearsal studios, three computer music laboratories, electronically equipped classrooms, choral and instrumental rehearsal halls, individual practice rooms, use of the new Harriet and Charles Luckman Fine Arts Complex and a music listening room with a library of more than 11,000 recordings and scores. The University Library houses another large collection of music books and scores.","7":"Briefly examine the introductory Interlibrary loan page. Here you will find, in detail, all the dos and don'ts of ILL. Did you read enough to know what ILL is, and how long it takes? If not, take a bit more time reading this page. You will be happy you did.","8":"To avoid plagiarizing an author's language, resist the temptation to look at the source while you are summarizing or paraphrasing.  Close the book, write from memory, and then open the book to check for accuracy.  This technique prevents you from being captivated by the words on the page.","9":"When a faculty member alleges an incident of cheating or plagiarism, that faculty member is expected to arrange an informal conference with the student(s), advise the student(s) of the allegation(s) as well as supporting evidence thereof, and provide the student(s) with a copy of the Academic Honesty Resolution Form so that the student(s) may become fully apprised of the allegation(s). The student will also receive a copy of the University policy documents and procedures. All parties to these and all subsequent deliberations regarding incidents of cheating and plagiarism have the right to expect that such deliberations will occur in a setting of strictest confidentiality.","10":"In some departments research assistantships, as well as graduate traineeships may also be available to graduate students and information of their availability can be obtained by consulting the specific department.","11":"My professional journey has led me to the belief that there is nothing more vital to the success of schools than the quality of their school climate. Moreover, I believe that as other reform trends begin to fall out of favor (due to lack of efficacy), school climate and culture will emerge as increasingly critical areas of attention.  Like you, who work and conduct research into schools, I see those schools that take an \"intentional approach\" to creating practices, policies and environments that promote a positive, equitable, learner-centered, and emotionally safe climates are more successful in their other measures of achievement and performance.  I submit that without a high quality school climate, efforts at school improvement will be limited and ultimately ineffectual, and furthermore that a high quality school climate is not as much a consequence of good education as it is a primary cause\/catalyst.","12":"Faculty members are encouraged to discuss any perception of dishonesty and the evidentiary basis for an action with the University Judicial Affairs Officer (ext. 3-3100) prior to discussing perceptions of wrongdoing with the affected student.","13":"Woman Award. This award honors the outstanding achievements of women faculty, staff, and administrators at California State University, Los Angeles. Awardees are recognized for a variety of accomplishments, including achievements within her field, significant contributions to Cal State L.A., commitment to students and women's issues, community involvement, and professional recognition. The award ceremony was held on Tuesday, May 25, 2004.","14":"Divide bar into segments (finite elements) connected at ends to material points or particles (nodes). Define displacement field in each element, with shape (interpolation) functions, expressed as linear functions in the nodal displacements. Apply Rayleigh's quotient to generate element stiffness and (consistent) mass matrices, and system stiffness and mass matrices.","15":"The sprint over the last 77 miles from Limon, CO to the Colorado Springs finish line were characteristic of the previous eight race days--close and exciting! The Solar Eagle III and the Manta GT took turns leading the day's field, but a couple of flat tires kept MIT from gaining any ground before the finish.","16":"The writer chooses to begin by discussing the nature of the honor of being selected \"Man ofthe Year\" by Time Magazine, and entertains various possibilities in terms of positions ofpower, and sites of conflict. This is background and context. Note also that the writer'srelatively large vocabulary allows him or her to make effective word choices.","17":"Derivation of the position of the center of the solar deferent on the eccentric model (iii 4). This also illustrates the claim that only three points, the time intervals between them and the mean motion are needed to construct an eccentric model.","18":"Establishment of an exchange relationship shall not imply a need for complete reciprocity. Any department\/division\/school or college at either institution may indicate its needs and consider available candidates from the other institution independently, without regard to the numbers or disciplines of faculty who have been or are scheduled to be exchanged in either direction.","19":"For if the Diameter of any Parabola be conceived to be divided indefinitely into many equal Parts, then the Right Lines which are ordinately applied to the Diameter, through the Points of the Divisions, will proceed in the same ratio, as is shewn in Geometry: But the Parabola which is constituted of these, whether Right Lines or Parallelograms, is there also demonstrated to be Subsesquialter (2\/3) to the parallelogram, upon the same Base and of the same Height, or which is the same thing, to the Sum composed of as many Right Lines or Parallelograms equal to the greatest: From whence, the Agreement of Arithmetic with geometry being supposed which we desire to advance, it plainly follows, that a Series of Numbers of this sort is Subsesquialter (2\/3) the Sum of as many equal to the greatest.","20":"Our license DOES permit you to install a copy of the Respondus software on a home computer. However, please note that you are not permitted to provide the Respondus software or the password information to anyone who is not affiliated with our institution. Such an action is a violation of our licensing agreement with Respondus and is also illegal.","21":"The Math Forum, is a virtual center for mathematics education on the internet. Funded by the National Science Foundation. Be sure to look at \"Math Education: Innovations and Concerns\" and \"Key Math Issues\" for valuable insights into views on the mathematics reform. There is a table. for easy access to the valuable resources included in this site.","22":"This tutorial will take you approximately 1 1\/2 hours to complete. If you are being assigned this tutorial as part of a classroom assignment, your teacher will have accounted for the time this assignment will take. If your instructor is assigning this tutorial for classroom credit, he\/she may require that you fill out the completion form at the end.","23":"In completing the administrative internship portion of the fieldwork, students may gain further insight into the administrative role beyond what would otherwise be known. With approval of the supervising teacher, the student can be assigned the role of assistant to a Director or to an Assistant Director. Within this capacity, the student will be expected to attend staff and parent meetings and partake in experiences which the Director or Assistant Director feels would be beneficial learning experiences.","24":"This is a lecture-only course. Students meet for 100-minute class periods twice a week. Grades are typically determined by 2 to 4 exams, a written or oral presentation, and class participation. The course is taught for General Education students and does not require a background in mathematics or science. Introductory concepts in geology are provided as each topic is discussed.","25":"All faculty in the Philosophy Department are advisors, but some have special areas of expertise listed below. You do not need an appointment to see an advisor in philosophy; instead, check in the department office for their office hours.","26":"Working Conditions. Since the teaching responsibilities of temporary full-time and part-time faculty are the same as those of the regular faculty insofar as their courses are concerned, they should be provided with facilities and services consistent with the performance of their duties. Temporary full-time and part-time faculty shall have participatory rights in department\/division\/school meetings, except that voting rights shall be subject to department\/division\/school, college, and university regulations and the Agreement between CSU and CFA. Part-time faculty may not, however, be required to attend such meetings.","27":"Centroids of composite figures. Example: Area resulting from the contiguous addition of a triangle and a rectangle.  Area resulting from the overlapping subtraction of an exparabolic area from a triangle.","28":"For it is necessary that the weight of the infinite body also be infinite. (The same argument will also occur in the case of the light. For if there is an infinite heaviness, so will there be lightness, if what floats above it is infinite.). It is clear from the following arguments.","29":"This should all sound quite familiar. One hundred years later we are still making the same complaints, offering the same solutions, and asking the same questions. Why do our students write poorly? How do we teach students to speak and write well? In reality, these are ancient questions that go back to the origins of rhetoric.","30":"Behavioral and Brain Sciences is the leading cognitive science journal. This site gives free access to virtually all the target articles it has published, going back many years. Some additional services require free registration. Unfortunately what makes the print journal especially valuable, the peer commentaries on the target articles and the target authors' replies, are not available online.","31":"Thus, the best case is if we could bring the cooling to within 4 mm of the center (494K). The more realistic condition of 6K cooling with a 4mm radius for the cooling line is too close to the melting point for Pb to be practical (573K).","32":"I have been faculty adviser (and Principal Grant Investigator) of the BERP project from its inception. The work in blind equalization started in the early 1990s with a grant from NASA\/JPL. Working with the highly motivated student teams has been a delightful educational experience for me. Many of the students have gone on to advanced degrees and to research positions in industry, partly because of the positive experiences they had on this grant. I look forward to continuing this project and with working with future generations of excellent students.","33":"Users and user needs analysis for a more narrowly defined and focussed user group Description of the user needs analysis, usability and concept development Translating user needs into good design in the user interface Activity: ask each table or groups of people to act as specific user groups and list top 3 things each group would want on the website. Then, based on their lists, critique SmallbizXpress to see if it meets their needs.","34":"Surprisingly, American politics (rather than comparative politics) is the subsection that is not statistically different from the international relations subsection. The comparative politics and the theory subsections are significantly different from both the American politics and international relations subsections but not from one another. Since the same faculty teach classes in both comparative politics and international relations, it is unlikely that the difference in percent correct for comparative politics and international relations subsections is faculty related. Infrequent offerings of courses in certain areas such as Europe and Africa may be a more important cause of the low percentage of correct answers in the comparative politics subsection.","35":"Through the Hispanic Research Center's educational and social research efforts, researchers not only examine problems but also attempt to identify solutions. Social, historical, political and cultural research taking place at the Center describes and examines diverse aspects of the Mexican American and Latino population.","36":"Although this is not acceptable college writing, the outlook for this student is much more hopeful than for the previous one. In this case, translation is only a fallback strategy, and language acquisition is probably ongoing. Underlining or otherwise focusing attention on a selection of the most egregious grammatical problems can help the student acquire the proper forms, and a discussion of the meaning of the most difficult sentences is also useful. The Writing Center can help this student not only with language acquisition issues, but also to revise the paper into an acceptable form.","37":"In case of a medical emergency or accident, please dial 911 for assistance. In addition to a police safety officer, a medical team will respond, and treatment will be rendered and\/or a paramedic unit called.","38":"This includes, but certainly is not limited to talking while the instructor is lecturing, giggling in the back of the classroom, as well as cell phones and pagers going off during class and exams. All types of electronic devices (e.g. cell phones, pagers, personal digital assistants, laptops) are prohibited during class. If any cell phones or pagers go off during class you are subject to removal from the classroom for the remainder of that class. If you require the use of a pager\/cell phone please see me to discuss your particular situation.","39":"You are expected to attend class regularly, complete the required reading assignments by the scheduled class meeting, and complete assignments on time. If you know in advance that you will be absent, please make arrangements to turn your work in early. Work that is to be completed outside of class will not be accepted late. If you miss a class in which an in-class exercise was completed, you will NOT be allowed to make-up the exercise, however one exercise will not count toward the final grade.","40":"Turnitin has compiled a massive database of digital material by continually cataloging and indexing online academic works with automated web robots. Online paper mills are a major focus of the searches. A complement to the Internet data-mining capabilities is our archiving function: papers from participating courses and other academic web sites are also indexed and stored in Turnitin's secure, in-house database.","41":"South El Monte High School has constructed a solar-powered bicycle and corresponding web page.  On their first attempt, they managed to take first place in national competition. The web page has information on how they took the long road to victory.","42":"Little suspecting what was going forward on the plantation of Jefferies, Mr. Edwards that evening gave his slaves a holiday. He and his family came out at sunset, when the fresh breeze had sprung up, and seated themselves under a spreading palm-tree, to enjoy the pleasing spectacle of this negro festival. His negroes were all well clad, and in the gayest colours, and their merry countenances suited the gaiety of their dress. While some were dancing, and some playing on the tambourine, others appeared amongst the distant trees, bringing baskets of avocado pears, grapes, and pine-apples, the produce of their own provision-grounds; and others were employed in spreading their clean trenchers, or the calabashes, which served for plates and dishes. The negroes continued to dance and divert themselves till late in, the evening. When they separated and retired to rest, Caesar, recollecting his promise to Clara, repaired secretly to the habitation of this sorceress. It was situated in the recess of a thick wood.","43":"The student submits the stamped authorization card to Administration 146. This is then forwarded to the Graduation Office. The student should receive a date stamped photocopy of the authorization card at this time.","44":"Cojaj had been eroded, rapid sinkhole development ensued and intersected the cave at the southern end forming an entrance, and at the Silent Well at the northern end of the cave. At the Silent Well the main passage filled with sediment and flows tone to form two segments, the northern branch of the main passage and the large passage of Operation IX. Water entering Operation IX could no longer drain towards the cave entrance so the accumulating water created a series of overflow routes resulting in the passages of Operation VIII. Eventually, the deep pit series of Operation IX was created to drain the water directly down to the water table (Veni n.d.).","45":"The mission of the Board of Registration for Geologists and Geophysicists is to continually enhance the quality, value and availability of geological and geophysical services to the people of the State of California.","46":"As such, you should plan on bringing your questions, comments, and opinions to each and every class session and be prepared to discuss the topic of the evening. Attendance will be taken at every class meeting.","47":"Admission to any of the graduate programs in the College ofBusiness Economics is a two step process. Students must first be admitted to the University and then must satisfy the school's requirements for admission to graduate programs.","48":"Maintain an advisement center that provides advisement services to undecided majors and provides advisers with appropriate resources, including training and information on all aspects of academic advisement, including general education.","49":"Free-body diagram of bolt reveals forces due to bar and clevis tend to shear bolt at two cross sections of bolt. Isolate central part of bolt bounded by these cross sections. Continuously distributed forces act tangent to the cross-sectional surfaces.","50":"The Risk Management and Safety Committee advise in the formulation of policies that ensure the health and safety of all members of the campus community and provide economical protection of the University's resources. The Risk Management and Safety Committee will form ad hoc advisory subcommittees to address issues related to the operation of the committee. This is an administrative committee; for detailed information refer to Administrative Procedure No. 009 in the Administrative Manual.","51":"Historical dimensions, European and American, of development of systematic sociological theory and method; continuity and critique of major contributions to theories of society and the social processes.","52":"Following review by the Thesis Committee, the prospectus will be approved, conditionally approved, or not approved. If conditionally approved, or not approved, it will be returned to the student with suggestions for improvement, after which the student will resubmit it to the Thesis Committee within one month.","53":"Take advantage of existing academic support mechanisms, including the Learning Resource Center, the John F. Kennedy Library (including on-line data retrieval services), and the career and personal counseling services. The Eagle Guide Student Handbook lists the various support mechanisms available to Cal State LA students. Make sure you have a recent copy of this handbook.","54":"The process of language acquisition begins when we are born (or perhaps even before) and continues throughout our lives. We acquire words, grammatical forms, and syntactic structures from our social environment and later, from reading. Research has shown that writing skills, and the acquisition of written language, depend to a large extent on the amount and type of reading that an individual does. Sometimes when an individual becomes so involved with work and family that there is no time left for reading, language development, especially vocabulary acquisition, stops. If an individual in this situation finds it necessary to improve language skills, some sort of reading program is essential.","55":"Candidates must demonstrate a reading comprehension in one foreign language or competence in computer applications and statistics or theory which may be applied to History before they may attempt the history comprehensive examinations. They must demonstrate this competence within 7 years prior to completion of degree in one of the following ways.","56":"Isolate a beam element of length dx. Cut this element longitudinally a distance y_1 from N.A. Force equilibrium applied to brick element between cutting plane and nearest top, or bottom, beam surface, gives  = VQ \/ Ib, where  is shear stress at y_1, Q is first moment of cross section between y_1 and top, or bottom, beam surface, b is beam width.","57":"REMINDER: you cannot begin the exercises in this tutorial if you do not have a PRINTED copy of the exercise. If you are taking a Library Instruction class these exercises will have been provided for you. If you are doing this tutorial on your own, please obtain an exercise printout.","58":"Final Portfolio - Students will work with instructors to select their two best essays for inclusion in the final portfolio. This portfolio will consist of final drafts of these essays accompanied by all previous drafts, the research paper, and a cover letter written in class. The final Writing Component grade will account for 30% of the grade in Social Science 180.","59":"This program is structured in the same manner as the Classic Upward Bound, with emphasis on preparing high school students for post-secondary education programs that lead to careers in the fields of math and science. Program features are the same for the participants. This program offers 20-30 openings per year.","60":"Like other the previously mentioned forms of \"dim matter,\" LSB galaxies don't account for all the dark matter in the universe. Their exact contribution is still undetermined since their exact number is not yet well known.","61":"ITS will offer more than 30 hands-on workshops for students, as well as an extensive, self-paced online combination of documentation, tutorials, and step by step instructions for staff and faculty courtesy of ITS Users Services. In addition, other Desktop Services Software (DSS) news and update information is available at the Desktop Maintenance website.","62":"No master's degree credit is allowed for directed teaching, 700 or 800-level courses, courses numbered below 400, or courses taken at another accredited institution that would not be accepted toward a master's degree at that institution.","63":"To turn off the Multimedia Projector, aim the Remote Control at it and press the Power button again. The steady green light will change to a flashing orange light, which indicates that it is cooling down. After it cycles through this phase, the light will change to a steady orange light as you saw it when you first came in, meaning that it is once again off.","64":"There is no instant method for language acquisition. However, if you follow this self-selected reading program consistently over a period of time, your English vocabulary will increase, and your grammatical ability will improve.","65":"Students also learn to prepare for participation in a democracy, to appreciate a sense of shared cultural heritage, and to understand the environment. Students experience self-discovery and personal growth and recognize them as lifelong processes.","66":"Currently, the Library offers an extensive set of library research and orientation sessions to all level of students in most disciplines on campus.  In the 2001-2002 academic year, librarians taught 568 classes to nearly 15,000 participants.  Traditionally, these bibliographic instruction sessions have utilized tool-based teaching methods that have not reached uniformly to all disciplines and colleges.","67":"The web templates use a global style sheet in order to create a uniform look throughout campus web sites. The style sheet has been modified. Menu and footer hyperlinks have been given a light background with a dark text mouseover effect for improved usability; page margins have been set to zero (0); bullet indentations have been reduced by half.","68":"The derivative of the position vector with respect to time, that is, the velocity of the particle, can be expressed as a cross product of the angular velocity vector and the position vector. Have to show that angular velocity behaves as a vector.","69":"Require at least one significant written assignment as part of most courses\/experiences in 50% of majors; establish effective support mechanisms between the UWC and at least 50% of the Schools and Departments.","70":"Conventions. He founded and directed the Cherry Creek Chorale, held directorships at three Denver churches and was the administrative director for the Rocky Ridge Music Center in Estes Park Colorado. He conducted the Colorado All State Choir, the Southern California Women's Honor Choir, the Heartland Honor Choir and has served in the role of clinician or adjudicator throughout the United States.","71":"The mandate is evident that we as a field must find ways to foster these skills and dispositions in our students. Because if we in teacher education want our candidates to approach their own work and their students? learning with the necessary emphasis given to collaboration, we much provide the experiential learning context by providing for meaningful use of collaborative practices.","72":"This is an introductory course in computer concepts that is required of most college graduates in general. The purpose of the course is to provide the required computer literacy that would enable the students to function effectively in today's digital world. The focus is on the personal computer and its use for personal and professional productivity. The emphasis will be placed on both theory and practice in the course.","73":"Netscape is a free Internet utility suite that provides a web browser to find and display web pages on the Internet, email client to compose and read emails, and other miscellaneous tools (e.g. instant messenger).","74":"Our insight, such as it is, into the minds of extinct hominids is, surely, a matter of informed extrapolation from our own self understanding, and much the same can presumably be said for our faltering attempts to understand the minds of other animals. This, at least, seems to have been the burden of Collin Allen's talk \"King Solomon's Imagination\" (alluding to the famous book by Konrad Lorenz (1952), and the legend of King Solomon's magic ring that let him talk with the animals).","75":"Pass the Graduation Writing Assessment Requirement required for the Cal State L.A. baccalaureate. Post-baccalaureate students selecting this option must register to take the Writing Proficiency Examination no later than the deadline to add classes during the first quarter they are enrolled in a graduate or credential program. Failure to register for the GWAR will void enrollment for that quarter.","76":"Regularly admissible students to the University are eligible to enroll in the program.  It is highly recommended that students complete a statistics course and an introductory course in psychology or sociology before requesting acceptance to the program.","77":"Services within the Division of Academic Affairs provides leadership in the implementation of the Office of Educational Support Services in support of academic activities across University units. Responsibilities include leadership for the academic uses of technology, faculty development instructional assistance through the Center for Effective Teaching and Learning (CETL), and working with the College Deans to coordinate faculty development and training support for technologically-assisted learning thorough the Faculty Instructional Technology Support Center (FITSC). The Dean is also responsible for the mamagement of all Information Technology Consultants within Academic Affairs, overseeing the Open Access Computer Labs and providing leadership for technology-assisted learning initiatives and technologically-mediated course development. In this capacity, Dr. Lipton serves on the University Baseline Committee, the President's Advisory Committee on Students with Disabilities, the Web Management Committee, the Technology Infrastructure Initiative project, and is the Executive Secretary of Academic Information Resources Subcommittee.","78":"Cal State L.A. has entered into an agreement with a local office supply company to provide most of the office supply needs of the University. Certain items such as forms, copy paper, letterhead and envelopes will continue to be carried by the University Storeroom when pricing or other reasons justify such a decision. Departments should check the Catagory C listing before placing an order through the contract vendor in case the item is still in University Stores.","79":"\"The Legislature recognizes that joint decision making and consultation between administration and faculty or academic employees is the long accepted manner of governing institutions of higher learning and is essential to the performance of the educational missions of such institutions, and declares that it is the purpose of this act to both preserve and encourage that process. Nothing contained in this chapter shall be construed to restrict, limit or prohibit the full exercise of the functions of the faculty in any shared governance mechanisms or practices including . . . the Academic Senates of the California State University and Colleges. . . . The principle of peer review of appointment, promotion, and retention, and tenure for academic employees shall be preserved\" (Government Code, Title I, Section 3561b).","80":"Let two non-adjacent equal arcs be marked off on the ecliptic and let latitudes be drawn to the colure. These mark off two unequal arcs on the colure, where the one nearer the equator is larger than the one further away.","81":"Biaxial stress condition: normal stresses acting in two orthogonal directions, x and y. Strains associated with biaxial stresses obtained by superposition of strain effects from x and y stress components acting alone, assuming Hooke's law and Poisson effect.","82":"Study of the relationship between communication and the process through which innovations (new ideas, technologies, ideologies, products or services) spread through society and affect people over time.","83":"Your plan should include a map of your house (or appartment) showing the location of major utilities (gas, water, etc), escape route & earthquake supplies and potential hazards (heavy furniture, bookcases, large windows or mirrors, etc); an evacuation plan; a list of household members (Identify anyone with impairments or who may need help evacuating) and an out-of-area contact list.","84":"For an assessment procedure to be considered sound it must possess high degrees of validity, reliability, must be able to be carried out efficiently, and must have a generally positive academic and psychological affect on students.","85":"Current Situation. The age of 18 is traditionally the age when children are considered to be adults. The age of 25 is the age when most young adults have jobs and are well on their way to longer-term living arrangements. Between those two ages, most adults undergo a number of changes in family, occupation and educational status that traditionally change their health insurance status. The first transition is from high school to training or first job, community college, or four year college\/university. A second transition is from training or college to first job. A further transition is to a new family status, either living separately from parents alone or with roommates or forming a new family.","86":"\"picturing,\" \"seeing in the mind's eye,\" etc.: that is, experiences that resemble (faint) perceptual experiences, but that occur in the absence of the things that seem to be \"perceived.\" Let us call these two possible positions \"experiential iconophobia\" and \"experiential iconophilia.\" In fact, out-and-out experiential iconophobes seem to be very rare; it takes some gall to deny other people's experiences - even so strict a behaviorist as B.F. Skinner acknowledges \"seeing in the absence of the thing seen\" (Skinner, 1953, pp.","87":"First, the new branch has produced at least seven shoe-shaped vessels of unslipped, striated pottery, making a total of thirty shoe- pots from Naj Tunich -the largest collection from a lowland Maya site. This supports the argument made elsewhere (Brady 1987, 1989) that these vessels, more than three- quarters of which are found in caves, are a ceremonial rather than a culinary form.","88":"For facts or topic overviews use a dictionary, encyclopedia, handbook or an almanac. These type of tools are useful for learning more about people, places, events or issues in Chicano Studies and they usually provide additional suggested readings for a topic. I have listed some of these tools below with a brief description of its content and call numbers for your convenience.","89":"Individuals who have any disability, either permanent or temporary, that might affect their ability to perform in this class are encouraged to inform the instructor at the start of the semester. Adaptations of methods, materials, or testing will be made as required to provide equitable opportunities for participation by all students..","90":"The MBRS program has provided support for students and faculty at Cal State LA since 1973. During this time, more than 700 students have participated and have used the Program to further their academic and professional careers. MBRS student research has resulted in the publication of nearly 500 journal articles. Program graduates have earned M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in a range of biomedical disciplines, and combined research\/clinician degrees such as the M.D.-Ph.D.","91":"But although much relevant work has already been done, by many people, plenty of details of the \"quality realist\"\/\"extended mind\" view of consciousness that I have tried to outline remain to be worked out. Not only do we need to further refine our accounts of active\/direct perception and the extended mind, we will also need to extend the argument for quality realism beyond the realm of color, not only to odors, tastes, sounds, and feels (where the case will surely be difficult enough to make), but also to things like pains and pleasures, where the problems arising may be substantially different.","92":"For members of the General Education Honors Program who entered the program during the fall, winter or spring quarter of the 1982-83 academic year, the number of honors courses required for graduation with Honors in General Education is reduced. Students would be required to take four classes instead of six and students who were freshmen when they entered during that period of time would be required to take five honors courses in order to graduate with Honors in General Education. All students entering the honors program during or later than fall quarter, 1983, will be responsible for completing the original requirement of six courses in order to graduate with Honors in General Education.","93":"Distinguished Visiting Fellow designation may be extended to individuals visiting this campus for one year or less without remuneration from this institution. Colleges will devise their own selection procedures, subject only to the provision that every department\/division\/school be permitted to nominate and that the dean approve the final nominees in consultation with a college-level faculty committee. Each recipient shall furnish a resume\/vita to be maintained by the college. The designation should be predicated upon, but not necessarily limited to, one or more of the following: scholarly distinction, excellence of teaching or research, distinguished service, professional accomplishments.","94":"In cases involving a charge of sexual or physical misconduct, the alleged victim may be accompanied at the hearing by another person. This person is for support only, and is not permitted to participate in the hearing. Questions of the alleged victim are limited to the incident upon which the charge is based and the events surrounding that charge, and may not delve into past sexual behaviors of the alleged victim.","95":"The student must be in good standing (not on probation), be registered in at least one other course (not extension) at the time credit by examination is authorized, and pay for additional units if the cost exceeds fees already paid. In summer sessions, the total units earned for courses and examinations cannot exceed the limit authorized by the Education Code.","96":"Decide what position you are going to take on the topic. Even if you don't have a strong opinion about the assigned topic, it will be easier to write your essay and stay focused if you make a firm and definite decision on your thesis and state it clearly in the introductory paragraph.","97":"Focuses on U.S. Latinos and Latinas who have made important contributions to American society. Arranged alphabetically by last names. Entries include both living and dead. Each entry concludes with a list for further reading.","98":"You've completed Phase 3. Go back to the tutorial by selecting the Back button from the toolbar on your browser. In the next section of the tutorial, you will view further details of this Easy Expert methodology, exploring different search examples from other OCLC databases.","99":"When you press power on the remote the steady orange light will change to a blinking green light. This means that the Multimedia Projector is warming up. After it finishes that phase you will see a steady green light, meaning that it is done warming up.","100":"Problem sets - are normally due a week after we start covering the material in class. Solutions will be posted after the assignment is collected. No homework will be accepted after the solutions are posted.","101":"Over the next few years many similar experiments were done, by Nirenberg and others, using different forms of synthetic RNA to stimulate protein production. However, only modest further progress could be made in deciphering the code by such methods. But in 1964 Nirenberg announced that he and Philip Leder had devised a new and more powerful decoding technique, and within a year the code was fully deciphered.","102":"A: t didn't work because each jack is programmed for a specific phone. Also, multi-line phones are digital and the single line phones, fax machines, and modem lines are analog. Plugging a digital device into a jack programmed for analog devices may cause serious damage to the equipment and the campus telephone system.","103":"As noted above, 66 students in required political science classes at both the lower and upper division level took a sample GRE political science test in fall, 1998. Only the first 28 of the 37 questions on the sample test were used. The GRE scores are presented in \"raw score form,\" that is, as the number of questions that the student answered correctly. The authors also divided the 28 test questions into subsections of American politics, international relations, comparative politics, and political theory. Raw scores were then calculated for each subsection.","104":"Credit Certificate Programs. a. Proposals ordinarily are initiated by faculty members or the Dean of Extended Education, who must first obtain department\/division\/school or interdisciplinary area approval for such programs. b. Proposals must be submitted using a standard form, the general pattern of which is similar to that used for new program proposals. They are processed in accordance with established curricular procedures. After approval at the college level, the proposal shall be submitted to the other colleges for consultation before it is forwarded to the Office Undergraduate Studies for referral to the appropriate curriculum subcommittee. If the proposed program is approved by the subcommittee and if there are no subsequent objections by the Educational Policy Committee, the proposal shall be submitted to the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs for final approval. c. The department\/division\/school or interdisciplinary area which has initiated the program proposal is required to designate an appropriate faculty member as coordinator of the certificate program. d. Approved descriptions of degree credit certificate programs currently being offered are included in the General Catalog. Programs that are likely not to be repeated will not be included in the General Catalog. e. All informational materials to be published and circulated in connection with a degree credit certificate program must have the prior approval of the Office of Public Affairs. f. Upon application by a certificate program student, submitted prior to the appropriate deadline, a review is initiated in the Admissions and University Outreach Office, Graduation Section, in a procedure analogous to that of a graduation check. When all of the requirements have been met, the Office of Admissions University Outreach enters an appropriate designation on the student's permanent record and certifies completion to the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs. g. Certificates are designed in a standard form for all programs, bear the seal of the University and the signature of the President, and are issued by the Office of Admissions and University Outreach. h. Annually, the Admissions and Records Office is required to report to the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs or designee the number of certificates awarded in each approved program. i. Each certificate program is reviewed along with other departmental\/divisional\/school or interdisciplinary programs in the course of the normal review cycle carried out by the Program Review Subcommittee of the Educational Policy Committee. j. Credit certificate program modifications must undergo the same approval process as new credit certificate programs.","105":"The Income Contingent Plan offers flexibility without causing financial hardship. In this option, the monthly payment is calculated on the basis of your annual adjusted gross income and the total amount of your Federal Direct Student Loans.","106":"When the unfinished work is completed within the allowed time, the grade is immediately reported to the Records Office. An \"Incomplete\" that is not made up within the allowed time is counted as an \"F\" on the student's record when calculating the GPA.","107":"We require the designer's permission before creating we can create this request for you. The Instructor who designed the course can send their permission in the form of an email to askwebct@calstatela.edu.","108":"Laptops require even greater security precautions against theft and confidentiality breaches than desktop computers. While portability makes laptops exceptionally convenient, it also makes them more vulnerable to physical damage, theft, and information security breaches. For example, if the wireless function is enabled without applying security measures, the laptop can be exposed to viruses and other intrusions. Because laptops are so portable, they generally operate outside and beyond the campus Information Technology Services (ITS)-managed firewalls and layered virus\/intrusion protection.","109":"It is widely perceived that today's college students do not write as well as their predecessors. At CSLA over 50% of faculty surveyed disagreed with the statement \"CSULA students are able to write at the college level.\" Is this literacy crisis real? If it is real, is it new?","110":"The Center maintains collaborative relationships with clinicians and researchers around the world, including Denmark, Sri Lanka, and England. Students present their work at several research symposia and conferences, including the Western Psychological Association and the American Psychological Association. Students with a passion for understanding the correlates and effects of posttraumatic stress and wish to know more about the Center may contact Dr. Fernando by e-mail, gfernan2@calstatela.edu .","111":"As soon as possible, but not later than the fifth week of your first quarter in the MARC program, you must submit to the MARC program office a quarter-by-quarter MARC-U*STAR Fellow Program Plan which outlines the courses you plan to take from the time you enter MARC to graduation. This, of course, may change with time. Any decision concerning your academic program for any quarter must be made only after consultation with your advisor.","112":"In the fall of 1991, after a two-year transition and planning period, the NLCC became an autonomous nonprofit organization. Throughout its two decades of operation, the NLCC has survived and prospered in the marketplace. Over the years it has provided production resource support to independent Latino film and video artists to enhance their creative talents and give their work exposure. By supporting these artists, the NLCC has sustained an outlet for exhibition of their work, both in the United States and abroad. Specifically, the NLCC affords equity-position financing and related production support of projects that portray the depth and breadth of the Latino experience.","113":"Each paper should explore the concept in depth (not simply define it) and related it to the readings, the class discussions, and any supplemental materials made available. Each will be awarded a maximum of 25 points.","114":"For persons who are trying to understand what we were up to, the first broad point to keep in mind is that all of us who developed Medicare and fought for it...had been advocates of universal national health insurance. We all saw insurance for the elderly as a fallback position, which we advocated solely because it seemed to have the best chance politically. Although the public record contains some explicit denials, we expected Medicare to be a first step toward universal national health insurance, perhaps with 'Kiddicare' as another step (Ball, 1995, 62-63).","115":"Society. The Minor in Law and Society is designed for students majoring in other fields who wish to study how social forces influence the legal system and how the law affects society from a sociological perspective. The minor helps prepare students for a wide variety of law related careers and professional programs.","116":"Students who like further information about the thesis requirement or about the comprehensive exams can click on the appropriate link below. Both of these documents are in pdf format and require Adobe Reader to view them. Free copies of Adobe Reader can be downloaded from the Adobe website.","117":"The study of philosophy has long been at the center of a liberal arts education because it encompasses both the fundamental values of our lives and the assumptions of knowledge and inquiry that are common to all academic disciplines. Philosophy majors read and discuss the writings of great thinkers from around the world, both past and present. These thinkers offer answers to questions such as the following: What kind of society is fair and just? Do human beings have free will? How should we act toward other people? Does God exist? What is the nature of consciousness? How can we justify what we claim to know? What does it mean to live a meaningful life? Philosophers even ask whether Socrates was right in his belief that the unexamined life is not worth living. In addition to these traditional philosophical questions, philosophers consider current issues such as feminism, multiculturalism, biomedical ethics, the environment, law and morality, and more. Whatever historical or contemporary topics philosophy majors study, they develop critical and analytical skills as well as a capacity for self-reflection and creative imagination.","118":"Students pursuing Liberal Studies with the objective of a Multiple Subject Teaching Credential should meet with an advisor before enrolling for classes. General Education requirements are different for Liberal Studies majors in this option.","119":"Student Advisement Center and Department Advisors provide our students with thorough academic and career guidance. We are proud of our extensive, high-quality academic programs, small interactive classes, diverse extracurricular academic activities, and our focus on student mentoring and research training.","120":"As it stands, Kubovy's very terse argument does not seem particularly compelling to me, but perhaps it might become more persuasive if it were fleshed out a little more. In any case, it is an argument for PA theory quite different from any that I have made (and, so far as I know, from any anyone else has made) and I am happy to find a fresh line of support.","121":"Poisson's ratio; biaxial stress.  Axial elongation is accompanied by lateral contraction. Poisson's ratio  equals minus lateral strain divided by axial strain. In linear elastic range, is constant (about 0.3 for metals).","122":"Jackie Chao serves the College of Arts and Letters as an ITC. From her time as a student lab administrator supervisor to her present position in ESS, she is recognized by many to be work-harding, responsible, and diligent. Jackie incorporates team-building and cooperation management styles in the day-to-day operation of the technology needs of the College.  She has extensive knowledge of digital imaging, music and video editing software suites.","123":"University and her M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Maryland, she has served as a Clinical Director at several facilities and an academic who has researched and published on a range of topics, including biraciality and multiculturalism; gender and race; and black women and identity in America.","124":"Join us for a discussion about environmental racism, its impact on low-income communities of color, and what you can do to protect the air we breathe. Panelists include community organization representatives who fight on a daily basis for environmental justice.","125":"Department of Information Systems, CSULA. This 121-page report received commendation from the university committee overseeing the six-year review process. It also formed the basis for subsequent reports that focused on the development of the department, 1992.","126":"Informal consultation is a process which includes a discussion of the issue or proposed policy with the Executive Committee of the Academic Senate. Informal consultation shall be observed in setting budget priorities for each fiscal year and on all matters which have an indirect impact on areas where the primary responsibility rests with the faculty.","127":"The print technology of the inkjet produces the print by laying down ink in very fine dots. When viewed from about a foot away, the dots blur together and they are not noticeable. Many large signage and billboards are printed with industrial inkjet printers. If the viewer is about 5 to 10 feet away from the sign, they will not see the millions of dots forming the image.","128":"Do not leave this project until the last week before it is due. You will need to be searching the Internet, interacting with your family, your landlord and possibly your city government long before the due date. The sooner you meet with me to check your home location on the geologic maps the better. This project will provide you with valuable skills for later in life; do not make a last minute job of it.","129":"For many tasks that do not require a meeting with an advisor, the students may contact the front office staff at the Graduate Programs Office located in SHC 222 for information. The tasks that fall into this category include but not limited to the following.","130":"\"Learning communities\" assist students in understanding the integrated nature of the theme topic. In addition, assessment of General Education is more effective when students take common courses. If more offerings of the various parts of General Education were done as \"learning communities\" where the students take the same group of courses for one or more quarters, better quality assessments of what those students have learned can be done. Thus, more \"learning communities\" should be offered, and students should be given incentives to enroll in them.","131":"Environmental Biology Faculty Group. Students in this program work on a variety of projects aiding American fisheries. Projects are a collaboration between the student, CSU faculty and scientists for the National Marine Fisheries Service.","132":"Notice of Prospects for Subsequent Appointment. Whenever possible, volunteer faculty on one-quarter appointments shall receive from the department\/division chair or school director written or oral notice one month before the following quarter, informing them of their prospects for appointment in the next quarter. Whenever possible, volunteer faculty on annual appointments shall receive from the department\/division chair or school director written or oral notice one quarter before the terminal date of their appointment, informing them of their prospects for appointment in the next quarter or academic year.","133":"Contributing to academic governance such as membership and participation in the activities of department\/division\/school, college, university, and system committees, and service in administrative capacities.","134":"Your directory permissions must be drwxrwxrwx in order for the script to work properly. You may set these permissions by telnetting to your directory and using the following command: chmod a+rwx newdirectory where newdirectory is the name of the directory which you've just created.","135":"The University appreciates the past services of its retired faculty and encourages their participation in the life of the University community. In this spirit, it extends to all faculty retirees the following courtesies: access to and guidance concerning pertinent retirement benefits information; library privileges; inclusion in the campus telephone and internet based directories (unless declined); notification of all important developments or changes affecting their interests or relations with the University or with the State University system; invitations to participate in all commencements, public ceremonies, and convocations on the same basis as active faculty members; and invitations to participate in appropriate seminars, colloquia, lectures, and other scholarly meetings, both as contributors and as audience.","136":"This suggests that it is the significantly greater number of political science courses and overall greater experience at the college level of the exiting cohort that contributes to their stronger writing skills as reflected in higher paper scores. Thus, the findings presented in Tables 1, 2 and 3 are more consistent with a growth model than the GIGO\/QIQO model.","137":"We begin with a single array antenna, which is modeled by a multipath channel block as our baseline system. We use a digital signal modulation scheme called Quadrature Amplitude Modulation (QAM), and add Additive White Gaussian Noise (AWGN) to our signal. The signal is distorted by the nature of the multipath channel, which consists of a direct path and one reflection. This reflected signal is delayed by the arm delay and scaled by the arm gain. The resultant signal is then passed through an adaptive filter. The filter includes an input for setting step size. After the filter, the signal is passed through Sato. The result is then fed back to the filter to aid for convergence, by attempting to adjust to cancel the channel distortion effects. The result of the signal is then compared with the original clean QAM signal for performance evaluation.","138":"Session and turned in all necessary paperwork, the Center for Student Financial Aid will process your loan within 7-10 days. A Promissory Note will be mailed to you (if required) which you will need to complete, sign and return to the Center for Student Financial Aid. The date you turn in your promissory note will determine your disbursement date. Please pick up the disbursement schedule at the Center for Student Financial Aid counter, or visit the Center for Student Financial Aid Disbursement Page.","139":"All notes and discussions between the faculty member and the student will remain confidential except as may be relevant in subsequent disciplinary proceedings or subsequent legal proceedings. Charges of academic dishonesty cannot be brought against a student more than 120 calendar days after the discovery of the alleged violation.","140":"If for some reason the language you choose is not offered at CSLA, then there is a program run by the Department of Modern Languages that allows students enrolled at CSLA to take any language at UCLA. I know, the drive sucks, parking is hell, and you probably have work plus three other classes, but if you decide to go to grad school, you're going to have to do it anyway, so might as well get it over with now. Click here for more info.","141":"Let two non-adjacent equal arcs be marked off on the ecliptic and let latitudes be drawn to the colure. These mark off two unequal arcs on the colure, where the one nearer the equator is larger than the one further away.","142":"The final part of the course investigates renewable and nonrenewable resources of developing nations. The water cycle and human interference with it will be investigated. Case studies of water pollution, loss of groundwater resources, and interruption and redirection of surface flow will be presented.","143":"In order to be eligible for competition in intercollegiate athletics, student-athletes must earn units in courses acceptable toward a specific degree program at a minimum rate of 36 units between seasons of competition. As prescribed by NCAA regulations, seventy-five percent of these units (27) must be earned in fall, winter, and spring quarters. For students who have not declared a major, no more than one-third (12) of the yearly minimum number of units may be electives. At least two-thirds (24) of the units must be in general education and required University courses.  For students who have declared a major, at least two-thirds (24) of the units must be in general education, required University, or major courses, and free elective courses up to 12 units annually are permitted only to the extent that the particular degree program accommodates them. Repeated courses may be counted once for normal progress, unless repetition of the course for credit has been authorized in the University Catalog. Repeated courses and incomplete courses, when completed, will be applied toward normal progress requirements in accordance with NCAA rules.","144":"Administration of Grants and Contracts. Primary responsibility for activities conducted under an externally funded grant or contract resides with the principal investigator. The Dean of Graduate Studies and Research has responsibility for assuring compliance with the policies, procedures, and regulations of the sponsoring agency. The Dean also is responsible for the administration of university policies, procedures, and regulations which relate to externally funded projects. Fiscal responsibility for externally funded grants and contracts resides with either the Director of the Cal State L.A. University Auxiliary Services, Inc. (referred to as UAS, Inc.) or the Vice President for Administration and Chief Financial Officer, depending on the nature of the grant or contact.","145":"Be appropriate. Students are expected to treat supervisor, co-workers, and clients with courtesy and kindness. Be sure to dress according to the standards of the community agency or school and follow their standards of interaction as well. If you have any questions about these issues, make sure to ask your supervisor at your initial meeting.","146":"Faculty may enroll at any time during the year, with deductions beginning on the first of the month following the election to enroll. Enrollment forms and information fully explaining the plan are available from the Office of Human Resources Management.","147":"Also, by the basic theorem of similar segments, given that A is similar to B, A : B = asqr : bsqr. Now suppose (condition 2 of 2) that we have constructed the arcs and segments so that the bases have the ratio asqr : bsqr = n : m.","148":"Subsequent Appointment. Volunteer faculty are appointed without acquisition of the right for subsequent appointment. Subsequent appointments may be made subject to department\/division\/school need. Volunteer faculty on one quarter appointments shall be reviewed prior to each subsequent appointment by the department\/division chair or school director, and at least once annually by a department\/division\/school personnel committee, except where department\/division\/school hiring patterns make this procedure impracticable.","149":"Element stiffness matrix for a triangular plane-stress element. Assume linear displacement field. Shape functions. Strain-nodal displacement matrix equation (strain-displacement matrix). Stress-strain matrix equation (material stiffness matrix).","150":"However, the relationship between symbolicism and the explanation of subjectivity is itself quite complex. On the one hand, one of the main sources of the paradigm was the Carnegie-Mellon school of Artificial Intelligence research.","151":"If there is no SFX link, do a Library Catalog Journal Search . If the Library does not have the issue you need, request the article by clicking on the InterLibrary Loan button at the bottom of that page .","152":"\"like something to be\" oneself. I have no solution to offer to this very deep problem. What I will, however, observe, is that substance dualisms do not seem to be any better placed to deal with it than does materialism. It is just as hard to understand why it should be \"like something to be\" an immaterial soul, as it is for an entirely material organism. The mysterious nature of soul itself may foster the illusion that dualism helps with this problem, but all it really provides us with is a compounding of mysteries.","153":"Since the finite will not pass through the infinite in a finite time, it is clear that the infinite does not pass through the finite. For if the infinite passes though the finite, it is also necessary that the finite pass through the infinite. For it makes no difference which of them is that which traverses. For in both cases the finite passes through the infinite.","154":"Subcommittee are subject to an independent evaluation by external reviewers. Unless otherwise determined by the Program Review Subcommittee, departments\/divisions\/schools in which an external review or national accreditation has been conducted within the previous three years will be exempt from this requirement. The external reviewers will be individuals of significant professional reputation in the field, who will report their findings to the Program Review Subcommittee and to the appropriate department\/division\/school or college. The evaluation report will become part of the permanent Program Review file. The Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs or designee will be responsible for the overall coordination of the external review.","155":"Objectives: The infusion of engineering content and design, problem solving and analytical skills into technology education to increase the quality, quantity, and diversity of engineering and technology educators. This will be accomplished by teaming engineering faculty and technology educators in a synergistic approach that involves: 1) preparing graduate students who will become educational leaders engaged in teacher preparation and professional development projects with the knowledge and skill to integrate engineering into technology education; 2) conducting research in how students learn technological concepts, how students learn creative problem solving, assessment and evaluation strategies, and how best to prepare technology and engineering teachers; and 3) conducting professional development for 9-12 teacher partners based on the testing, adaptation, and adoption of instructional techniques that enhance STEM.","156":"The foregoing considered, the University does hereby establish the following policy with respect to inventions and their subsequent potential patentability and marketability. This policy applies to all University employees and to students who may produce inventions as a result of activity where University facilities or resources are used.","157":"English 101. It is a one-unit course graded Credit\/No Credit. Your facilitator will help you learn to generate content, organize your ideas, support your arguments, revise your essay for readers, and proofread your work. Your fellow group members will give you support and their own constructive feedback on your essays. In English 100 everyone works together to help each member of the group write the best essays he or she is capable of writing.","158":"III. As colleagues, professors have obligations that derive from common membership in the community of scholars. Professors do not discriminate against or harass colleagues. They respect and defend the free inquiry of associates. In the exchange of criticism and ideas, they show due respect for the opinions of others. Professors acknowledge academic debt and strive to be objective in their professional judgment of colleagues. Professors accept their share of faculty responsibilities for the governance of their institution.","159":"Biaxial stress condition: normal stresses acting in two orthogonal directions, x and y. Strains associated with biaxial stresses obtained by superposition of strain effects from x and y stress components acting alone, assuming Hooke's law and Poisson effect.","160":"Of the three categories, category A normally shall have the greatest weight. To receive a favorable recommendation for tenure and promotion at least satisfactory performance must be demonstrated in all three categories. In the case of a faculty member who is appointed or elected to a non-teaching position, consideration shall be given to performance in that assignment.","161":"Department\/division chairs or school directors shall be guided by a manual outlining college policies and procedures for which the college dean is responsible as to development and periodic revision. In addition, there shall be both orientations and regular working sessions for department\/division chairs and school directors, conducted by the college dean and, as needed, by the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs or designee.","162":"DK B2): For if it were added to another thing,\" he says, \"it would not make it larger. For given it has not size, when it is added it could not contribute anything to its magnitude. And so what is added in this way would be nothing. If when it is removed, the other would be not be any smaller, and when added the other is not increased, it is clear that what is added isn't anything and what is removed isn't either.","163":"Bot  Short for 'robot', generally used to refer to an automated program used to process data with minimal human intervention. A program used on the Internet that performs a repetitive function such as posting a message to multiple newsgroups or searching for information. Bots are also used to keep a channel open on the Internet Relay Chat (IRC). Increasingly, the term is used for all variety of macros and intelligent agents that are Internet or Web related.","164":"Bachelor program is to enhance students? analytical abilities and understanding of social phenomena. The B.A. in  Sociology - General Option and the B.A. in Sociology - Law and Society Option are designed to provide students with a solid theoretical and methodological foundation.","165":"Aging as a social process; emphasis on sociological theories of aging and social problems of the aged; nature of aging process, work, retirement, family relationships, housing, income maintenance; societal response to aged.","166":"Studies & Research and The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi. This event is held annually during the winter quarter and provides a local forum for all Cal State L.A. students to gain experience in delivering a professional presentation. Ten local winners are selected to represent Cal State L.A. in the statewide student research competition held annually at a CSU host campus where they are eligible for cash prizes.","167":"Duties of the Grand Marshal. The Grand Marshal is responsible for encouraging participation by all faculty in Honors Convocation and Commencement ceremonies and for reminding all full-time faculty of a professional responsibility to support Honors Convocation and Commencement ceremonies through attendance in academic regalia. The Grand Marshal is responsible for appointing all marshals and recommending the order of the processional and recessional for the two ceremonies. In the fall quarter, the Grand Marshal is also responsible for appointing an Associate Grand Marshal to assist in carrying out the duties of the Grand Marshal and, if necessary, preparing the Grand Marshal Designee to assume the duties of the Grand Marshal in the following year. In making this appointment, the Grand Marshal should take into consideration such factors as experience as a marshal, academic reputation, cultural and gender diversity, and representation of academic disciplines within the University.","168":"Students, Inc. One of the student members must be an undergraduate student and the other student member must be an enrolled classified graduate or postbaccalaureate credential student. The criteria for student members are the same as those specified for student members of the Academic Senate (Constitution of the Faculty, Section 3h, Appendix B of the Faculty Handbook).","169":"The Harbrace then lists four principles, stating that commas: a) precede coordinating conjunctions when they link main clauses; b) follow introductory adverb clauses and, usually, introductory phrases; c) separate items in a series (including coordinate adjectives); and d) set off nonrestrictive and other parenthetical elements.","170":"Part one is for first time users, covering basic functions, text editing, and printing Learn to format documents in part two Learn to enhance the appearance of your document in part three Learn to manage files and to work with the program's multiple views in part four Learn about tables in part five Part six deals with using program helpers, such as Wizards, templates, breaks and graphics.","171":"During this period of consultation, the Working Group also reviewed numerous assessment measures and procedures such as standardized tests, portfolio assessment, oral presentations, student surveys, and the University Writing Proficiency Examination. The review included pilot test studies to evaluate the efficacy of certain measures in assessing General Education.","172":"Review Cycles. In accordance with the Trustees' resolution, each academic program must be reviewed qualitatively and quantitatively at least once every five years. The Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs or designated subunit of that office will determine the specific review cycles for each department and interdisciplinary program by consultation with the administration of the colleges. In the selection of programs to be reviewed each year, related disciplines will be grouped to the extent possible and in such a manner that approximately one-fifth of the programs are reviewed each year over the review period. Care will be taken to schedule review of graduate programs at the same time as the review of the undergraduate program(s) within the same discipline, and to coordinate with accreditation cycles for the discipline. In the case of new programs, it should be expected that a developmental period of up to five years will be required to establish a valid measure of their productivity. The President, Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs, or the Educational Policy Committee may request additional reviews of programs in any given academic year for purposes of planning or to satisfy a request from the Chancellor's Office or the Board of Trustees. Reviews other than the university reviews may of course be conducted by colleges or departments at times other than those scheduled by the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs, and they may request a university review on their own initiative. The  schedule for program review and all subsequent modifications will be published by the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs and distributed to the faculty.","173":"Once you've created the basic slide show, you may wish to make adjustments to the script to further customize the look and add more functionality to the slide show. For example, linking an images to another web page or URL to provide more information.","174":"If this conference had confined itself rigidly to the cognitive psychology and neuroscience of implicit cognition, then some excellent science would have been presented, but consciousness might not have been much illuminated. It seems to me, however, that by setting its bounds just a little more widely it achieved a considerable success. The more speculatively inclined were forced to confront some hard science (and some rigorous philosophy), and everyone had the opportunity to enlarge their perspectives without having their credulity strained too far.","175":"In addition, there is a smaller group of 26 students whose sample papers were evaluated. Most of these 26 students are part of the larger group, but separate analysis is justified because of the writing evaluations.","176":"Summations can be transformed into integrals. Integral of x dA over A called first moment of area A with respect to (or about) y-axis. Likewise for integral of y dA. Centroid lies on axis of symmetry of an area. To evaluate first moment integral, it is best to use lowest order element of area. Examples: Centroid of area in shape of triangle. Centroid of area in shape of circular sector.","177":"InterLibrary Loan, or ILL, borrows books and gets copies of journal articles that this Library does not have available online or in paper. Materials listed in our catalog may only be requested from another library if they are missing or at the bindery (see other regulations below).","178":"Simulation System, aimed at predicting transportation and land use issues based on survey data from specific geographic areas. A remote user interface, allowing access to data sets residing at the lab, is under development (http:\/\/www-xxx.tsasa.lanl.gov\/transims_intro.html).","179":"Annotated Bibliography (10% of your grade): The annotated bibliography is a list of at least ten secondary sources (theoretical, critical, or historical) that you have found in your research for your term paper. This list can include secondary sources you have read, but which you do not intend to use for your paper. At least half of the entries should be texts we did not read for class.","180":"In this experiment you will apply the laboratory techniques that you have learned to the planning and performance of a laboratory experiment. You are to draw on your expertise in order to devise your own procedure to fulfill the given objectives.  The accuracy of your results and the care exercised in planning and performing this experiment will weigh heavily in the evaluation of the report.","181":"Perhaps it is not too much to hope, in the light of this truly excellent exposition, review, and defense of the sensorimotor, or active, approach to perception, and of striking, newly discovered effects such as change blindness, that this conceptual framework is at last poised to replace the Cartesian (materialist or otherwise) paradigm that has now dominated scientific and philosophical thinking about perception for centuries. Perhaps, before long, perception will cease to be generally regarded as a matter of getting representations into our heads (for the spiritual or neuronal homunculus to ponder), and perceptual experience will not be thought of as the \"having\" of such representations (veridical or otherwise), but rather as experience of the actual physical world in which we live and act (more or less successfully). Perhaps, consciousness will no longer be conceptualized as a property somehow mysteriously attached to brain states (or even to spiritual states), but as a property of organisms as embedded in and interacting with their environments (i.e. of the organism-environment system). With all the convergent lines of research that seem to point in this direction - from the latest robotic engineering (Aloimonos, 1996; Breazeal et al., 2000) to the established research program of ecological psychology (Gibson, 1966, 1979; Stoffregen & Bardy, 2001), from the theory of imagination (Thomas, 1999) to the study of eye movements (Landy, Maloney, & Pavel, 1996; Stark & Choi, 1996), from theoretical neuroscience (Ramachandran, 1990; Churchland, Ramachandran, & Sejnowski, 1994; Cotterill, 1997, 2001) to the philosophy of intentionality (Akins, 1996; Newton, 1996) - perhaps a true scientific revolution in the theory of perception and consciousness is at hand, at least if the cadres can avoid excessive infighting and factionalism.","182":"If you would like to find an item by chapter, the Table of Contents lists the major topics covered in each chapter. Also, each chapter has a sub-table of contents that lists more specific information. To access the chapter Table of Contents click on the button below labeled: Table of Contents .Click on any chapter and a sub-table of contents will appear for that section.","183":"Technology Education provides students with knowledge and learning experiences related to contemporary technological processes, systems and materials. This involves students in innovation through the design, development and use of technological systems to meet authentic challenges.","184":"Controlling for the total number of political science courses students have completed, transfer students are not significantly different from native students in terms of the GRE and most of the writing scores. Transfer students do, however, have significantly higher scores on using political science \"evidence\" and \"forms\" than native students.","185":"A sample of the Category (B) form may be downloaded from the Campus Electronic Forms Link. Additional forms may be ordered at no cost by contacting Campus Stores. Note: when using the Category (B) electronic form, make one photocopy of the completed form for your records and submit the original to Campus Stores.","186":"Any change in the master's degree program must be approved in advance by the graduate adviser, Department chair, and School dean. Changes are made by submitting a course substitution request (GS5) to the School dean.","187":"In similar vein, Thomas (1999) proposes that imagery experience (and the empirical data on imagery) is best explained as arising from a sort of abortive, and largely covert, perceptual activity: a truncated \"going-through-the-motions\" of exploring objects or situations that are not actually there to be explored, under the control of an appropriate procedural representation.","188":"Continuous tenses -- The most common problem is leaving out the BE form and thus creating sentence fragments. The \"-ing\" goes on the next thing in the verb phrase, just like the \"en\" in the perfect construction.","189":"The west of the new Student Union will have a covered drop-off area. The main lobby for the building connects the east and west entrances with a three-story light filled atrium which has student lounges overlooking the space. There is also an outdoor balcony from the lounge area on the second floor that projects out over the student plaza. The free-speech area has been relocated to the east side of the plaza which is defined by a series of brick columns topped with an illuminated lantern.","190":"A sample of the Category (B) form may be downloaded from the Campus Electronic Forms Link. Additional forms may be ordered at no cost by contacting Campus Stores. Note: when using the Category (B) electronic form, make one photocopy of the completed form for your records and submit the original to Campus Stores.","191":"Please note that any changes to the \"userslist\" file will not come into effect instantaneously. The password file will only update once per day between 2a.m. and 6a.m. so if you add a new user to the list they may not be able to log onto the web site until the following morning after 6a.m.","192":"\"folk psychology\" is learned at one's mother's knee, for example. In that case you might conceivably be able to bring about an internal theoretical revolution by bringing about a scientific\/philosophical revolution in how people externally theorize the mind. However, eliminativists do not typically favor the sorts of \"internal\" stories (such as [3] and [4]) that would render such a relationship between the external and the internal coherent (though not mandatory). They have good reason not to do so, as will shortly emerge.","193":"Prerequisite: consent of graduate adviser. Demonstration of graduate level proficiency in a major performance situation; research or analytical written project directly related to performance. May be repeated to maximum of 4 units.","194":"Courses taken at a community college may, with advisor approval, count toward 100 or 200 level course requirements at CSLA. Courses taken at community college may not be used for upper division unit credit at CSLA. If the advisor determines that subject competency has been met for a particular course, the student will still be required to have upper division units in place for the relevant requirement. In general, the advisor will help the student determine a suitable substitute course. Upper division courses taken at institutions which grant baccalaureate degrees may substitute for upper division requirements at CSLA with advisor approval.","195":"Forewarning of this came in a pre-conference broadcast on the local National Public Radio station (KPCC, 2003) featuring one of the scheduled conference speakers, Dr. Sarah Boysen. The interviewer, mindful of the conference topic, led off by asking about the meaning of \"imagination.\" Boysen seemed startled by the question, completely ducked it, and quickly steered the conversation towards her studies of chimpanzee cognition. Explicit discussion of imagination (in either humans or chimps) was avoided, even when a call-in listener attempted to raise the topic again. Perhaps clever apes are per se imaginative apes, but there was not even a hint of an attempt to make out a case for thinking so.","196":"In this application student behavior is conditioned by a systematic use of extrinsic rewards, and\/or the giving of love. It does have the effect of modifying behavior, yet essentially creates reward and praise addicts whose work is primarily undertaken to obtain the reward rather than for the sake of learning or growth.","197":"Effective caregiving responds to each child's developmental level.  Routines for young infants (birth to nine months) are carried out in a consistent, gentle and timely way so that the children learn basic trust in the world.  They get used to getting their needs met and come to anticipate the caregiver's response to their messages.Routines for mobile infants (sixteen to eighteen months) focus on the infant's increasing competencies as the children learn to feed themselves, toddle to the sink to wash their hands, and help pull up their pants.  Caregivers sensitive to this age group know that mobile infants may resist being diapered, but caregivers regard this resistance in positive light.  Instead of taking the resistance personally, the caregiver knows that mobile infants would rather be moving and exploring than lying down still.Routines for older infants (sixteen to thirty-six months) take into account the children's vacillation between independence and dependence.  Older infants are likely to be quite cooperative one minute, helping to set the table, and run in the other direction the next minute when asked to hang up a coat.  They may ask the caregiver to do a simple task they have been able to do for months, such as putting on a shoe,  then turn around and try themselves even though the task is way beyond them.There is no formula for performing caregiving routines.  They must be carried out each time as an experience shared by two people rather than a procedure one person performs on another.  Caregiving is a dynamic moment-to-moment activity. (A Guide to Routines, The Program for Infant Toddler caregivers, p. xiii).","198":"Since junior status at CSLA is equivalent to the completion of 93 quarter units, all but two of the students in the lower division writing class are at least juniors. Given that over two-thirds of all political science majors at CSLA are transfer students, these findings are not very surprising.","199":"On April 24 we will be in the library and you will have time to conduct the search with assistance from a librarian and the professor. It is recommended you start your search before this day so that if you are having problems locating articles it can be addressed on that day.","200":"Information Systems field. My special business and communication skills would be of great value to you. Completing my thesis in hospital information systems (HIS), for the completion for the degree of Masters in Science in Information Systems (1994) , has prepared me to make an excellent contribution to your institution.","201":"Comparing the method  GLS estimates of the variance components, which are obtained after one iteration, shows that these are less precise compared to the estimates obtained when convergence is reached (IGLS or RIGLS).","202":"A) and one course from Block D. Social-psychological approaches to socialization, comparing stages of development during adulthood and aging; emphasis on changes in family relationships, work, retirement; issues of social control and change; ethnic and cross-cultural comparisons.","203":"A minimum of three hours per week per unit is required of students earning credit in field experience courses. The Catalog description of each s-factor field experience course must contain a statement describing the required number of hours for that course.","204":"This course will provide students with a  comprehensive background necessary to design and implement a Technology  Education program consonant with current and future trends in the middle  grades. Special emphasis will focus on Explorations in Technology  Education and learner centered instruction.","205":"The MARC program also requires that prior to graduation you write an honors thesis describing the research you have done under MARC auspices. This thesis will be presented and defended before a panel of faculty. Most departmental honors programs also have a thesis requirement, and your MARC thesis will meet this departmental requirement.","206":"The Web templates provided by this site offer an easy way to redesign your Web pages according to the design guidelines set by the University Web Committee. Templates are available for both PC and Mac users.","207":"Print materials will be processed and housed at the Loan Desk, Library North 1st floor and media course reserve materials will be available to students at the new Music & Media Center, Library North 3rd floor.","208":"The \"externalities\" are all of the wide body of facts that make up the state of \"knowledge\" at any given point in time. If all of these depend, for their nature, on the \"spiritual state of humanity\", then indeed one must be ready to move the balance from knowledge back to mystery from time to time if one hopes ever to understand how the universe is \"moved from within.\"","209":"Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Ethics through the Administrative Assistant to the Academic Senate. The Committee may respond to the faculty member seeking advice or counsel either orally or in writing.","210":"Volcanism and its attendant mudflows is an especially severe problem in Central and South America and Southeast Asia. Towns, villages, and even large cities are built in the immediate path of volcanic devastation. Case studies such as the 1985 destruction of Armero in Colombia and the loss of 23,000 lives will be presented. Students learn that it is important to plan for natural disasters rather than simply react to them.","211":"CSU students must demonstrate competence in writing skills as a requirement for graduation. All Cal State L.A. postbaccalaureate and graduate students who entered Cal State L.A. summer 1984 or later and who are pursuing a graduate degree or a credential are required to satisfy this requirement with the exception of a few who qualify for exemption.","212":"Element stiffness matrix for a triangular plane-stress element. Assume linear displacement field. Shape functions. Strain-nodal displacement matrix equation (strain-displacement matrix). Stress-strain matrix equation (material stiffness matrix).","213":"The final paper must be a \"finished product,\" that is it must be a logical and coherent statement which combines materials from your sources with your own analysis into an original unplagiarized exposition of the topic. The paper must be in a social science format with the following sections: Introduction, Literature Review, Discussion, Conclusion, and References, using the APA system of citation. It must be proofread and free of careless errors in spelling, grammar and syntax.","214":"A student is not considered to be in good standing for purposes of admission to the California State University while under a sanction of suspension, or expulsion, or while his or her admission or re-admission has been qualified (Section 40601(g) of Title 5 of the California Code of Regulations).","215":"A patent is a grant issued by the U.S. government which gives the patent holder the right to exclude all others from making, using, or selling the invention within the United States and its territories and possessions for a period of 20 years from the date of application for the patent (14 years for plant patents). An extension of up to five years may be granted. When a patent application is filed, the U.S. Patent Office reviews it to ascertain if the invention is new, useful, and non-obvious and, if appropriate, grants a patent. This process may take up to five years to complete, in some instances.","216":"It is a way to attract viewers who will find at your site a set of interesting and useful links. This is especially true if the linked sites logically complement your own. Be aware, however, that building a site with too many outside links may be like building a store with a hundred attractive exits.","217":"It is of course extremely difficult to separate completely in introspection the direct content from the idea. The difficulty is especially great if we do not understand what the direct content really is. Hence we need not be puzzled by the fact that the direct content has been described in conventional psychology as possessing the modality, and possibly other characteristics, of the idea. (Dunlap, 1914, p. 36).","218":"The point is that we are sometimes conscious of our mental images and mental words (just when will emerge later) and that all of them are the sort of representation of which it is possible to become conscious57.","219":"These fundamental values must not be compromised. The trust and respect among professors, students and the society need to be vigilantly protected. Cheating and plagiarism can be neither justified nor condoned as this would destroy the ideals and purposes of higher education. Students enter the University to gain the knowledge and tools necessary for participation in society. Academic integrity is a foundation for society based on trust and honesty. Therefore, the University takes seriously its responsibility for academic honesty.","220":"The linked documents below describe a new planning process that should provide each of the Arts and Letters Departments with a structure to build your vision of your department\u2019s future and to chart your program development and growth to match your vision. You will have a unique opportunity to tell your story to the other departments in the College of Arts and Letters, while helping me to advocate for you to internal and external audiences.","221":"In consideration of the underdeveloped state of extant versions of PA theory, and the failure of most Gibsonians and Situated Cognition researchers to apply their insights to imagery, in this section I give my own tentative synthesis. Conjectures about matters of detail are intended as merely illustrative. I do not aim to provide a finished, detailed theory, but, rather, some concrete sense of how such a theory might work.","222":"Many political decisions have an emotional motivation. For example, when a gunman with an assault rifle shot up a schoolyard full of children, people were suddenly interested in banning such weapons. In this case several emotions are involved, but perhaps the strongest one is pity for the small children and their families. The logical arguments for banning or not banning assault rifles had not changed at all, but people were emotionally engaged with the issue after this event and wanted to do something.","223":"The advisory committee will render its recommendation of one or more candidates for the chair's or director's position to the college dean. Given the role of department\/division chairs and school directors in the recruitment, retention, tenure and promotion process, normally only tenured full professors are eligible to hold these positions. In the event of few or no tenured full professors, committees may also consider tenured associate professors, or, tenured full professors from other departments\/divisions\/schools, with justification for their recommendations in either case. If the recommendation is not accepted, the advisory committee will be so informed, along with the reasons for such action, and will further review potential department\/division chairs or school directors and make further recommendations. The dean and the department\/division\/school advisory committee shall each have a veto power in their considerations.","224":"Grammatical errors are not significant in this essay; the problem is mainly the organization and development. The introduction does not provide any context for the thesis, and there is no indication of how the ideas will be developed. The body of the essay lists three reasons why George Lucas should be \"Man of the Year,\" but there is little detail, and the arguments are unconvincing. The operative words from the scoring guide are: \"major problems in organization, focus, and coherence; insufficient specific information to illustrate experiences or support arguments.\"","225":"The appearance of a speaker at an event sponsored by university recognized student, faculty, or employee organizations does not imply University endorsement of a speaker's view or organizational affiliations. This policy shall apply both to events open to the entire university community and to events open only to the organization's members.","226":"The categories of certificate programs are credit certificate, non degree credit certificate and noncredit certificate programs. Credit certificate programs may be offered by a department\/division\/school or Extended Education. Non-degree credit and noncredit certificate programs are offered through Extended Education. These programs and the criteria they meet are described below.","227":"In accord with University policy, all solicitation for contributions and donations to support student media activities must be coordinated through the Office of the Vice President for Institutional Advancement.","228":"You may also contact the Student Financial Services Office by calling (323) 343-6260 for general financial aid information.  Please keep in mind that you will be asked to complete a Certification of Graduate and Post-Baccalaureate Student Status form in order to receive a financial aid notification letter. This requires the signature of the designee appointed by Associate Dean of the College of Health and Human Services. This form will not be signed until an applicant is accepted into the MSW program by the School AND all outstanding items for admissions have been completed (i.e. all five prerequisites, receipt of official transcripts, posting of one's bachelor degree, etc).","229":"Lederman and Klatzky (1990) have observed a number of specific haptic tests which subjects may apply to an object to reveal different properties. For example, hefting something tells about its weight, rubbing it reveals texture, enclosing it in the hand or running the fingers around the contours provides shape information, and squeezing reveals compressibility. We might, then, think of the hand together with the neural structures that control hefting and that analyze the afferent signals that it generates as a sort of instrument for estimating weight. Together with other neural structures the hand becomes part of an instrument for detecting shape, texture and so on.","230":"At the next level the text will be largely comprehensible, although there will be such things as missing articles, verb form and verb tense problems, word form problems (adjective forms for nouns, etc.), problems with singular and plural, and idiomatic difficulties. At certain key points, usually where there is considerable conceptual difficulty, the writer may resort to the translation strategy and produce incomprehensible sentences.","231":"Education finds the proposed program inappropriate in terms of criteria set forth in section 1a above, the Deans shall at once notify all concerned parties of their finding and the reasons therefore. Such a negative finding may be appealed to the Educational Policy Committee.","232":"In addition, data from the 1996 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey shows that \"over two-thirds of young adults who were full-time students had private health insurance, compared to only half of young adults who were part-time students and less than half of young adults who were not in school\" (Vistnes and Monheit, 1997, 4). The MEPS shows striking disparities by race and ethnicity: over half of minority young adults were uninsured, compared to 31% of whites.","233":"The School of Social Work is known for its leadership in teaching and community service. Our accomplishments are evident in the leadership and services contributed to the community by our distinguished and committed alumni. In addition to fulfilling our primary mission of teaching, our faculty conduct research and publish in prestigious peer review journals, and provide community service to enhance their teaching and enrich our curriculum.  Our faculty has developed a curriculum that encompasses the core educational content as described by the Council on Social Work Education. More importantly, the curriculum responds to the needs of the local and global urban community in the 21st century. We commit to preparing our students for a career in Social Work with a sound educational and ethical foundation. The foundation of our school is built upon a talented and committed faculty, the desire to learn from our diverse student body, and partnerships with the surrounding communities. Over the course of the next two to three years, you will participate in a rigorous journey of learning and growth. The faculty, staff, and I will be with you every step of this journey to support you in completing your education. I invite you to share our dreams and successes.","234":"Bot  Short for 'robot', generally used to refer to an automated program used to process data with minimal human intervention. A program used on the Internet that performs a repetitive function such as posting a message to multiple newsgroups or searching for information. Bots are also used to keep a channel open on the Internet Relay Chat (IRC). Increasingly, the term is used for all variety of macros and intelligent agents that are Internet or Web related.","235":"We encourage you to note items that are confusing, problematic or that you feel are not valid for some reason.  We invite as much written or verbal feedback as you are able to provide, including ideas for future items.","236":"In addition, Dr. Baker-Cristales has worked with community organizations in Southern California developing transnational development projects and she has served as a consultant to the United Nations Office of Human Development in El Salvador.","237":"The program is designed to increase their academic achievement in a solid science curriculum; integrate them into their major department and University communities; expose them to the biomedical sciences and scientists; enhance their academic achievement; and to lay the foundation for their eventual successful research careers in the biomedical sciences. The traditional undergraduate experience is enhanced through participation in co-curricular activities of seminars, workshops, special courses, and strong opportunities for year-round participation in contemporary research under the direction of the Training Faculty. The MBRS-RISE student's participation in research is part-time (10-15 hours per week) during the academic year, and full-time during the summer.","238":"In 1956 the college moved to its present campus of one hundred and seventy-five acres in the northeastern section of the City of Los Angeles, five miles east of the Civic Center. A total of 18 permanent buildings, representing a financial investment by the State of California of more than $100 million, stand on a plateau that serves as a refreshing oasis in the center of the Los Angeles region.","239":"Although his Nobel Prize in 1929 was \"for his discovery of the growth-stimulating vitamins\", for Hopkins, nutritional studies were secondary to his research on cellular metabolism: the very complex sequence of chemical reactions by which living cells extract energy from food molecules. This process was not fully understood during Hopkins' lifetime, but work done or inspired by him contributed enormously to our current understanding. His vision of the cell as a chemical machine was ahead of its time, and provided an indispensable guiding framework not only for his own research but for biochemical science as a whole.","240":"The number of classes of neutrinos is not only important for discussing the contribution to W, but also Big Bang nucleosynthesis, since many parameters influencing reaction rates depend on the total number of species present. If there were four or five neutrinos, the helium abundance would be greater than 25% (See Figures 10 and 12: If there were four neutrinos, helium's mass abundance would be around 27%; if there were only two types, it would be around 22-24%.) Our calculated abundances of primordial helium suggest that are only three types of neutrinos, putting a restriction on the neutrino's contribution to W.","241":"In a semester, one often gets to relax in the middle of the semester after midterms. The same is not true of quarters. CSLA's quarters are 10 weeks long, with a week of exams, and then some time off. After Winter and Spring quarters, the time off is only one week.","242":"The college file shall be the official and complete personnel file. Each college shall establish detailed plans for preserving the security and integrity of the personnel files, which shall include but not be limited to controlled access to locked files, situations under which the files leave campus, the transportation of files, and notification to the faculty member when the files are transported.","243":"The School of Engineering and Technology at Cal State L.A. has developed a reputation for excellence in designing, building, and racing solar-powered electric vehicles. We learned an enormous amount in the process of building Solar Eagle and Solar Eagle II which are putting into the design and fabrication of the Solar Eagle III. We have the knowledge, expertise and enthusiasm to pull it all together and bring home a first place victory with the Solar Eagle III.","244":"Faculty Psychology Campbell also exemplifies the eighteenth century faculty psychology typical of this rhetoric. In this view, the mind is compartmentalized into separate operations or faculties (\"Faculty psychology\" does not refer to the psychology of a university teaching staff, which would be a different field of investigation entirely). Campbell says the purpose of rhetoric is \"to enlighten the understanding, to please the imagination, to move the passions, or to influence the will (Horner 20). Thus Campbell argues for the so-called rhetorical modes: exposition appealing to the understanding; narration, description, and poetry to the imagination; argumentation to reason; and persuasion to all of these, but especially to the emotions and will.","245":"Traditionally 'imagination' primarily denotes the faculty of mental imagery, other usages being derivative. However, contemporary philosophers commonly hold it to be a polysemous term, with several unrelated senses. This effectively eliminates this culturally important concept as an appropriate explanandum for science, and paves the way for a thoroughgoing eliminative materialism.","246":"This is the notorious \"hard problem\": It seems impossible to understand why a brain state or process should embody one quale rather than another, or, indeed, how it might embody any quale at all: after all, brain states are physical states like any others, and are thus to be described entirely in terms of primary qualities. Perhaps (on some interpretations) modern science has added a few qualities, such as electrical charge or quantum \"spin\", to Locke's original list, but these certainly do not include or add up to colors or other secondary (i.e. actually experienced) qualities or qualia.","247":"If your web site contains content that is sensitive and are meant to be viewed by a select few, you may wish to password protect your site. ITS can help you to set up this password protection. Rather than setting up password protection for individual pages, the password protection will be set up for an entire directory. That way, if there is additional content that needs to be password-protected later on, you can simply add it to the password protected directory.","248":"Admissions Office at Cal State L.A. has all of your academic transcripts on file and that you are officially admitted to the university. Taking this precaution will aid in eliminating obstacles that may slow down the financial aid process.","249":"Those of us who know Ivan and have benefited from his knowledge and experiences admire and respect him. We will always think of him with the highest regard. Thank you Ivan, for the generosity with which you share your life with others.","250":"The width of the circles would seem to be either the same as the height of the earth's cylinder or the diameter of the earth. It is also unclear whether the circles are multiples of the earth's height or its diameter. Thus, one side of the moon will be eighteen-times the earth, and the other side will be nineteen-times.","251":"The California Pre-Doctoral Program is a CSU systemwide program designed to increase the diversity of the pool of potential faculty by supporting the doctoral aspirations of diverse CSU students. Applications are accepted from all students.","252":"Virtuoso performers \"unwrap\" the music with examples, questions and answers, and insights into the preparation and performance of the the works presented, providing an opportunity for families and students of all ages to gain an appreciation for music from diverse cultures and styles. This collaboration is supported in part by the Los Angeles County Arts Commission and the City of Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs. http:\/\/www.luckmanarts.org Intimate Theatre, at the Luckman Complex Call the Luckman Box Office at (323) 343-6600 for more information.","253":"Employment permits earned, the ritual Of paying income tax had not deterred Them from accomplishing their only selfish Dream, to be citizens. They held no gripes, But finally, when the long-awaited day Arrived, they swore allegiance, took their slice, And balked at parking rates, declaring war.","254":"An Academic Dishonesty Report form describing the alleged incident shall be referred to both the student and the University Judicial Affairs Officer by the instructor. The instructor shall not assign a grade until the case is resolved.","255":"If you receive a No Credit on the WPE, you will be asked to visit the Writing Center to review your essay with a WPE Consultant. You will always have the option of taking the test again. In addition, the Consultant may, depending upon the seriousness of the problems in your essay and the number of times you have attempted the exam, authorize you to enroll in Univ.401, the course alternative to the WPE. Successful completion of Univ.401 fullfills the WPE requirement - if you pass Univ.401, you won't have to take the WPE again.","256":"Librarians who are not necessarily technologically savvy. This is important as our talk will be more from the users point of view, what the users need and want. A brief introduction on the technology needed to create web sites will be included.","257":"The purpose of this course is relatively straight-forward: To work on improving your ability to think critically about texts (in whatever form you encounter them) and communicate clearly your ideas. No magic solutions will be offered nor will you be taught a one-size fits all college essay format. Upon successful completion of this course you will be eligible to take English 101.","258":"The vice chair shall act in the absence of the chair. The vice chair shall become chair of the Senate in the event the office of the chair becomes vacant (see Article IV, section 6, item h). In the latter event, the secretary shall fill the office of vice chair for the remainder of that term of office.","259":"University procedures are developed for evaluating both quality of education and the determination of student needs. Particular attention is also paid to general education courses, service courses and pre-service teaching credential programs. The committee shall recommend procedures for terminating instructional programs. Administration of such procedures is achieved through the college deans.","260":"Why are you doing it? At the end, you should have a very focused, narrow set of records which cover your topic. In other words, you've performed an expert search! Now is the time to examine all your records one-by-one and select those which you want to use for your research.","261":"Velocity and acceleration in plane curvilinear motion are resolved three ways: in rectangular components, in normal and tangential components, and in radial and transverse components. Choice depends on problem.","262":"The \"analog-propositional\" dispute may perhaps be said to be still gently simmering, despite the influential efforts of Anderson (1978, 1979) as well as Palmer (1978) to declare it a nonissue. This attempt to call time on the debate is not in fact neutral, as it purports to be, but rather offers to assimilate imagery as a distinct form of representation only within and very much subordinate to a basically computational and \"propositional\" representational format. Such an assimilation is lent credence by Kosslyn, perhaps the most energetic polemicist on the \"analog\" side of the debate, who has propounded a theory of imagery (Kosslyn, 1980, 1981, 1983; Kosslyn & Shwartz, 1977) that does indeed set imagery within just such a computational context. Kosslyn's \"quasi-pictorial\" theory is probably the most fully worked out theory of the mental image available, but this does not mean that it is not without serious and even fatal flaws, quite regardless of one's position on computationalism in general (see Thomas, 1987). Certainly other leading proponents of \"analog\" representation, such as Paivio (1977, 1986) and Neisser (1976, 1979), would reject both Kosslyn's \"pictorial\" understanding of imagery and the broader computational theory of mind within which it is set. (Shepard's position [1975, 1978a, 1978b, 1981, 1984a, 1984b) can perhaps be interpreted as pictorialist, but it is certainly not computational.) Anderson and Palmer were probably right to imply that the differences between Kosslyn and Pylyshyn are really rather trivial - if images are really what Kosslyn says they are, they probably do not matter very much - but this emphatically does not apply to the differences between Pylyshyn (and, indeed, Anderson, Palmer, and other computationalists) and the other \"analog\" theorists. If Kosslyn's theory is set aside, and indeed there are recent signs that Kosslyn himself is moving away from his earlier conventionally computationalist stance (Kosslyn & Hatfield, 1984), we may agree with Block (1983) in seeing the psychology of imagery as a crucial test case for the adequacy of computational approaches to the mind in general.","263":"The committee has established and maintains a safety program in order to instruct personnel in proper safety procedures; evaluate facilities and measuring instrumentation; establish protocols for the control of radiation, biohazardous, and recombinant-DNA risks; dispose of hazardous waste products; and monitor personnel and campus facilities.","264":"Outcome: Development of a series of modules, Learning to Work in the Graphic Arts Industry, designed to provide integration of school-based learning in graphic arts\/printing, language arts, mathematics and science into a worksite-based transition-to-work unpaid internship program.","265":"Bridge), an internal newsletter, a professional newsletter, resume books, career fairs, awards, banquets and annual national conference. The future of the National Society of Black Engineers is unlimited.","266":"In the event of any conflict of interest or possible conflict of interest among any of the panel members, or if any panel member is a faculty member, student, or administrator from the same department as the grievant or the person against whom the grievance is filed, the grievance shall be referred to the grievance panel next in line. In the event that there are no further grievance panels, the panel member with the conflict shall be excused from hearing this grievance, and a replacement shall be appointed by the appointer of the original excused member, in order to hear this grievance only. This replacement member shall be appointed within 10 working days. d. Related Grievances.","267":"Join us for a discussion about environmental racism, its impact on low-income communities of color, and what you can do to protect the air we breathe. Panelists include community organization representatives who fight on a daily basis for environmental justice.","268":"The other two sections of this site will also be useful to faculty and to their students: Basic Internet Skills and Accessing Knowledge Resources. It is our hope that faculty will create syllabi that include links to relevant electronic resources and to this site. This can assist students to gain the necessary skills on how to access and evaluate electronic information.","269":"Formatting improves the overall appearance of your presentation. In Part two, learn how to change the font type\/size\/style, and text alignment. Also learn how to create a numbered and bulleted list, as well as how to create and edit a table in slides.","270":"In World War II Morocco, seething with European refugees desperate for passage to neutral Lisbon, only a world-weary and bitter nightclub owner can help his former lover and her Resistance-hero husband escape from the Nazis.","271":"This hunt is to help me find out where each student is in the computer surf zone. (Meaning:What stage of learning) It also tells you if your computer can see & hear everything. Write down any challenges you have & give this list to your students.","272":"The above procedures will be followed in all cases, whether the appointment is a permanent or an acting appointment, except that acting appointments for three quarters or less do not require the establishment of a committee. In such cases, the President shall utilize informal consultation in making the acting appointment.","273":"Supervisor of Mail Services will open the correspondence only for the purpose of identifying the sender, and the correspondence will be returned for proper compliance. If there remains any question as to content, the matter shall be deferred to the Director of Administrative Management and Services or designee.","274":"The hearing officer is responsible for maintaining order during the hearing and makes whatever rulings are necessary to ensure a fair hearing. Abusive behavior is not tolerated. The hearing officer may eject or exclude anyone who refuses to be orderly, including the student charged.","275":"He\/she must demonstrate the ability to work effectively with faculty, students (graduate and undergraduate), staff, administrators and external constituencies. This includes working with\/within academic governance, with industry representatives\/advisory committees and with students\/student organizations.","276":"MS Excel XP is a software application that can be used as a spreadsheet, database, or graphing program. The spreadsheet portion of Excel allows you to perform sophisticated calculations and create formulas that automatically calculate answers. The data management capability allows you to manipulate lists of information. You can use information from a spreadsheet or database to create charts.","277":"The academic programs in philosophy are intended to engage students in philosophical inquiry. They aim to acquaint students with noteworthy contributions by philosophers to intellectual traditions; to explore various philosophical issues, problems, and questions; to provide students with principles of inquiry and evaluation relevant to the many areas of human activity, such as science, law, religion, education, government, art, and the humanities; to develop in them skills of analysis, criticism, and synthesis needed for advanced work in various scholarly fields; to encourage the development of skills and attitudes leading to self-reflection and life-long learning.","278":"Time: At times determined by the President or designee, based upon other requirements which may be made of the facilities at or about the same time as that requested, including other programs, and the availability of such facilities and personnel as the President or designee may consider necessary.","279":"For this search, locate the  button on the top right of the page, and click on it. Input the phrase child development in the top box; then, find the pulldown selector for material type, pull it down by clicking on the up\/down arrows, and select videos, films. Finally, click the SUBMIT Search button.  At the beginning of the Winter Quarter, our Library had 33 films or videos on the topic of child development.  If it interests you, take the time to browse through a few of these titles.","280":"Every teacher has a slightly different way of teaching, but when you have been a student for a while you begin to recognize distinct types. There are funny teachers, serious teachers, brilliant-but-disorganized teachers, lecture-oriented teachers, discussion-oriented teachers, tricky teachers, teachers who just read the textbook to the class, and many other types. Just as teachers have different teaching styles, students have different learning styles, and certain types of teachers don't work for certain individuals.","281":"D (60-69)--Represents minimal participation in course activities; gaps in assigned work completed; lack of preparation for class discussions and assignments; problems in cooperation with instructors, tutors, and fellow students; uneven attendance.","282":"Geologist examination, an applicant must graduate with a major in geology or complete 45 quarter units in geologic science courses leading to a major in geology. At least 36 of the 45 units must be upper division or graduate courses.","283":"Variable Interest Rate: This refers to the interest rate, which changes every July. The rate will usually fall between 3-8.25%. The interest can be capitalized on any unsubsidized loan, which postpones the interest payment but adds it to the principal. The borrower may choose to pay the on-going interest, which starts accruing the day the loan money is disbursed. It is recommended that borrowers pay the interest either quarterly or yearly, in order to prevent an increase to the principal loan amount.","284":"Dr. William Wells Belan is generally recognized as a versatile musician who specializes in the performance and study of choral music. Dr. Belan holds academic degrees from U.C.L.A., the University of Tulsa, and a doctorate from the University of Oklahoma. Covering a wide vista of musical activities, Dr. Belan serves as Professor of Choral Studies, and principal coordinator of graduate choral studies at California State University, Los Angeles. Further, he has served as guest lecturer on the choral faculty of Long Beach State University.","285":"And what these recent data will reveal is that a substantial number of our graduates is involved in such professions as teaching, business, social services, law enforcement, and health services. Significant, too, is the observation that approximately fifty percent of our graduates have pursued graduate or advanced training in such fields as sociology, education, social work, law, and health-related fields.","286":"As the teacher we need to continually help each student to recognize that the social contract is just one more part of the overall effort to support his\/her journey to becoming more self-responsible, disciplined, successful and an integral part of the classroom community. One way to do that is to help students recognize that consequences occur many times a day, and that the majority of them are naturally occurring and even those that are initiated by the teacher are primarily positive.","287":"Edwards looked through a hole in the wall; and, by the blue flame of a cauldron, over which the sorceress was stretching her shrivelled hands, he saw Hector and five stout negroes standing, intent upon her incantations. These negroes held their knives in their hands, ready to dip them into the bowl of poison. It was proposed, by one of the whites, to set fire immediately to the hut, and thus to force the rebels to surrender. The advice was followed; but Mr. Edwards charged his people to spare their prisoners. The moment the rebels saw that the thatch of the hut was in flames, they set up the Koromantyn yell of war, and rushed out with frantic desperation.","288":"The program offers children with and without disabilities an opportunity to receive individualized attention for their learning needs from highly qualified credential candidates who have available state of the art learning materials and computer technology.","289":"Current Situation. The age of 18 is traditionally the age when children are considered to be adults. The age of 25 is the age when most young adults have jobs and are well on their way to longer-term living arrangements. Between those two ages, most adults undergo a number of changes in family, occupation and educational status that traditionally change their health insurance status. The first transition is from high school to training or first job, community college, or four year college\/university. A second transition is from training or college to first job. A further transition is to a new family status, either living separately from parents alone or with roommates or forming a new family.","290":"The application form is to be circulated, as appropriate, for facility manager's approval, set-up-requirements, cost estimates, approval of the Vice President for Administration, security and parking arrangements, Vice President's approval, and any special arrangements required.","291":"Stress resultants in beams: axial force, shear force, and bending moment. Example: cantilever beam with end force inclined to beam centroidal axis. Isolate portion of beam between free end and a transverse exploratory cut. Continuously distributed forces act over cross section at cut. Stress resultants of these distributed forces consist of axial force N, shear force V, and bending moment M.","292":"The Los Angeles Times is also available at its own website: http:\/\/www.latimes.com\/. One can only access articles from the most recent week, as well as some specially selected older stories at no charge. All other access is on a fee basis.","293":"SUGGESTION: As an instructor, I often check out videos from the library to show in my classes. I have had a problem recently with videos not being rewound. I think the library should institute a policy that all videos are rewound before being placed back in circulation.","294":"Use of the public expression areas shall be limited to faculty, staff, students currently enrolled, continuing students as defined by University policy, and invited off-campus speakers. Policies governing the appearance of invited off-campus speakers are described immediately following this section.","295":"The Work Study Program is a financial aid employment program that is applied for via the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). At Cal State L.A., approximately 500 financially needy students receive these awards annually. Work Study allows students to work to earn money to help pay for educational expenses.","296":"We have a Risograph machine (a Risograph is a fancy computerized mimeograph machine) in the office that you can use to run syllabi, handouts (some instructors have outlines and handouts for many if not all of their classes), and individual articles if you want. It costs about $1 to make the master for each page, but then the copies are a penny or so each or even less in large quantities. So it is relatively inexpensive to do this if you are making more than 15 or 20 copies.","297":"If any material other than that submitted by the faculty member is to be placed in a faculty member's permanent file, that individual shall be provided with a copy of such material prior to the placement and thereupon shall have the right to provide a written response which will be included in the file. Anonymous accusations shall be summarily dismissed (and destroyed, if a document) and shall not be used in any proceedings.","298":"Make sure that the portfolio allows for expansion and has a cord to secure the flap. This folder will hold your work for this course. It will be turned in with Outside Assignment 7 and will include all work from the quarter.","299":"Netscape is a free Internet utility suite that provides a web browser to find and display web pages on the Internet, email client to compose and read emails, and other miscellaneous tools (e.g. instant messenger).","300":"There was none. Even a bottle cap from a liquid paper jar would have made a better barrel impression. It was becoming obvious that I was staring at a finger. I also became aware that my bladder sphincter had opened and warm liquid was coursing down my leg.","301":"An associate chair or director shall be appointed to serve as acting chair or director in the absence of the chair or director and to assist the chair or director as needed. During the period of service as acting chair or director, the associate chair or director shall be given the released time which would otherwise be given to the chair or director, and may be given additional released time during one or more of the remaining quarters of the academic year to assist the chair or director in administrative duties. The associate chair or director normally shall serve for at least one year, but in no case longer than the unexpired term of the chair or director.","302":"IUPLR, a consortium of 16 Latino research centers based at major universities across the United States, is the only nationwide university-based research organization bringing together scholars from a wide variety of disciplines to conduct policy-relevant research on Latinos. IUPLR also functions as a Census Information Center, which analyzes census data regarding Latino population growth.","303":"Since every magnitude is divisible into magnitudes (for it was proved that it is impossible for a continuous magnitude to be from indivisible ones, but every magnitude is continuoous), then it is necessary that (a) the faster traverse a greater distance in the equal time and (b) an equal distance in the lesser time and (c) more distance in the lesser time, just as some define the faster.","304":"Several logical and terminological errors were introduced, as well as many stylistic changes, very few of which seemed to me to be improvements. Although I did manage to get the worst errors corrected at the proof stage, many of the gratuitous stylistic changes remain, and, as I never got a chance to see the final printer's proofs due to this debacle, there are also some typographical errors in the published version. (I understand that I was not the only contributor to the book to have a problem with the copy editing!) Despite this, please make any citations to the published version.","305":"The MBRS program has provided support for students and faculty at Cal State LA since 1973. During this time, more than 700 students have participated and have used the Program to further their academic and professional careers. MBRS student research has resulted in the publication of nearly 500 journal articles. Program graduates have earned M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in a range of biomedical disciplines, and combined research\/clinician degrees such as the M.D.-Ph.D.","306":"Appointment Procedures. Particular qualifications for positions shall be identified in writing, either by the fund grantor, subject to the approval of the appropriate department\/division\/school committee(s), or directly by the appropriate department\/division\/school committee(s). Approval of these qualifications shall follow department\/division\/school, college, and university procedures.","307":"Through community outreach programs, members are given a chance to stimulate and nourish interests within younger students in obtaining a higher education. S.H.E.S.S. members help younger students realize their full potential while they develop their own professional skills. Endeavors such as these address various areas with one sweep, efficiently and effectively.","308":"Order your scores and sheet music through the link below and Sheet Music Plus will contribute a portion of the sale to the consortium. The funds raised will support the hiring of supplemental professional musicians for student composition performances, rental fees for the repertoire performed by the New Music Ensemble, and residency fees for guest composers and performers of the PCMC. The breakdown of the consortium fund is as follows: 50% Student Composer Forum, 35% New Music Ensemble, 15% PCMC.","309":"If individual members of the Board initiate complaints, they shall not participate in the adjudication of the complaints. If a student editor or manager and faculty adviser of a publication media activity are at an impasse over a serious matter, they may seek the counsel or arbitration from the Communications Board. They will start the process by first contacting the Chair of the Board. This is a voluntary process; the Board shall not step into disputes of this nature unless asked by the editor, manager or adviser.","310":"Statement will notify authors and artists chosen for publication no later than February 14, 2007. Once accepted, contributors must submit their work electronically as MS Word or .JPG files or e-mail attachments. Additional publication guidelines may apply.","311":"The objective of this program is to provide the participants with the skills and motivation necessary to complete a program of secondary education and to enter and succeed in a program of post-secondary education. This program serves approximately 65 students who are from low-income and\/or potential first-generation college students from the Pasadena School District high schools and Marshall Fundamental Middle & High School.","312":"Students must submit their abstract to the Department Office and a typewritten draft of the thesis to each committee member at least two weeks before the oral defense. The committee chair must approve the distribution of the thesis to the other committee members. The final draft of the thesis is prepared after the defense.","313":"Bick Benedict, his society-gilded wife and three generations of land-rich Texas sons and daughters love, swagger, connive and clash in a monumental drama of family strife, racial bigotry and conflict between cattle barons and newly-rich oil tycoons.","314":"The third section of the exam will assess your ability to write a relatively short (4+ single-spaced handwritten pages) but detailed and coherent essay that responds to a topic that focuses on the readings since the midterm. You will be encouraged to use one or more of the passages listed in Part II of the exam as evidence for your argument. For this part of the exam you should consider be thinking about the following keywords: alienation, isolation, communication, community.","315":"\"The low self-monitoring person is generally more attentive to his\/her internal attitudes and dispositions than to externally based information such as others' reactions and expectations\" (Baxter, 1983, p. 29).","316":"Require at least one significant written assignment as part of the courses\/experiences in 100% of majors; establish effective support mechanisms between the UWC and 100% of the Schools and Departments.","317":"CSULA came in first in the four-hour endurance race on the third day.  This gave the team first place overall.  The prize was a large trophy with the name of the university engraved on it. U.C. Irvine placed second.","318":"In fact, it may be that image schemata are best understood as a (rather special) sub-species of imagery simpliciter: If I were the arbiter of terminology, I might have called them schematic images: an especially \"unsaturated\" form of imagery, produced by simulating only the very earliest and most generally applicable stages of the process of a perceptual exploration: only ordering a few preliminary perceptual tests (see Thomas, 1999), and thus only representing a very broad class of things, defined by a quite limited number of global features. (Like Runeson (1977) I suppose that individual perceptual instruments may be able to probe not only for local details, but also for quite global features of the objects, scenes, or events being explored.) Being schematic, such images are suitable to provide \"metaphorical\" scaffolding for a diverse range of specific thought processes (such \"metaphoric\" structuring of thought is the central concern of the Lakoff-Johnson school, and it is what their image schemata are supposed to explain). These schematic images would lack most of the rich sensuous detail that arises from simulating a wide range of perceptual tests, and that make \"richer\" imagery experiences more consciously salient (and thus more amenable to introspective report). But (if Lakoff, Johnson, et al. are right) what \"schematic images\" (or image schemata) lack in qualitative wealth and direct conscious impact, they may make up in the generality of their relevance and their (consequent) functional importance in thinking.","319":"\"reasonable expectation of privacy\" (Banisar 3). This standard implies that in some places we have a reasonable expectation of privacy while in others we do not. For the most part, this makes sense. If we are walking across a public parking lot, we do not have a reasonable expectation of privacy, and if a camera were watching us we would probably be grateful. But do we expect privacy when we are shopping? The answer is probably both yes and no. We expect to be seen by others, but we do not expect others to know everything about us? Banisar notes that \"A.C. Neilson, the large market rating company, recently patented a system using facial recognition for covertly identifying shoppers to track their buying habits\" (2). Once identified, marketers could link shoppers to \"comprehensive records\" compiled from \"purchase records, surveys, credit reports, department of motor vehicle and medical records, and numerous other files\" (3).","320":"You may also contact the Student Financial Services Office by calling (323) 343-6260 for general financial aid information.  Please keep in mind that you will be asked to complete a Certification of Graduate and Post-Baccalaureate Student Status form in order to receive a financial aid notification letter. This requires the signature of the designee appointed by Associate Dean of the College of Health and Human Services. This form will not be signed until an applicant is accepted into the MSW program by the School AND all outstanding items for admissions have been completed (i.e. all five prerequisites, receipt of official transcripts, posting of one's bachelor degree, etc).","321":"An applicant must receive a passing grade in the course in order for it to count as one of the prerequisites. A passing grade is defined as either a letter grade of \"C\" or better or \"credit\/pass\" in a pass\/fail or credit\/no credit system. The human biology prerequisite may be taken at a community college, state college, or university, and units do not need to be transferable   You may submit your application while completing these prerequisites as long as you have completed at least 2 of the 3 prerequisites by the time your file is to be reviewed and you have documented your specific plans to complete the last (listing the term the course will be taken, the institution, and the exact course title and description). If an applicant is admitted into the program, he\/she must complete all prerequisites before entering the program in Fall. Enclosed in the packet is a prerequisite equivalency listing(this link activates your word processor and opens a document saved as Rich Text Format).","322":"Senate has reacted to these recommendations and presented in writing a specific recommendation to the President to accept the recommendations of a committee, to accept them with modifications, or to reject them. Copies of the minutes do not suffice to inform the President of Academic Senate recommendations.","323":"It is the student's responsibility to request advisement and to be certain that the appropriate paperwork required for satisfactory progress is submitted to the School graduate studies office. Either call the Geological Sciences Office (323) 343-2400) to make an appointment with the graduate advisor or contact the appropriate adviser listed below.","324":"Faculty wishing to submit a request for a new periodical subscription should do so, in writing, to their appropriate Librarian\/Bibliographer.  The request should include a justification which explains how the journal would support the curriculum; please be specific by providing course numbers and detailing course assignments involving the requested title.  Other factors used in evaluating periodical requests include cost, the availability of indexing, access to full-text online, etc.","325":"The President's designee for purposes of this subdivision is the Vice President for Administration and Finance where the applicant is a student or a recognized organization thereof; the Director of Human Resources Management when the applicant is a verified employee organization subject to the provisions of the access regulations noted in section 5 above.","326":"The constraint force is proportional to the vector formed by the coefficients of the spatial coordinate differentials in the first-order differential constraint equation. The proportionality is established with a function of time labelled \"lambda.\"","327":"Because HDM particles can't form self-contained structures until their speed drops to non-relativistic speeds, they form structures much later than the CDM particles will. Because of this, galaxies appear earlier on in the CDM- dominated model than in the HDM model.","328":"Although not substantiated fully, Saturn\u2019s rings are about one hundred millions years old. Moreover, just like the planet earth, Saturn encounters different seasons. Although it varies, the temperature on Saturn is approximately ninety degrees Kelvin. It takes twenty-nine years for Saturn to make a full revolution around the sun. Because of its numerous rings and moons, Saturn has become one the most interesting planets to explore. After so much time and effort that was put into creating this incredible spacecraft, Cassini successfully landed on Saturn. Cassini was launched on October 15, 1997 and finally, on June 30, 2004, scientists and other experts from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory as well as from all across the world, were extremely pleased. Cassini will remain on Saturn\u2019s surface for four years and will send back to earth several pictures and intense data of Saturn.","329":"Papers from or relating to Robert Gordon's Simulation Theory of Folk Psychology: relevant to understanding interpersonal understanding, empathy, the nature and origins of mental concepts, the causes of autism, etc.","330":"This program is designed to allow you to quickly implement your HTML based forms. The program is configured by information you provide in the form itself, so you can get the script to handle your data in a variety of ways without changing your scripts.","331":"Chomsky's linguistic theories were an also an important influence on the formation of cognitive science, and reinforced the trend toward thinking of cognitive theory as being concerned with non-conscious symbol processing.","332":"The graduate program is organized especially to accommodate the needs of engineers employed full time. The classes applicable toward the graduate degree are offered during evenings or late afternoon hours.","333":"This exam is also included in the portfolio. Each portfolio is evaluated by two instructors, neither of whom is the student's own instructor. A passing portfolio is equivalent to a passing score on the WPE.","334":"Eligibility for Election as Chair. To be eligible for election as chair of a standing committee, the nominee must have served for at least one quarter on that committee by the time his or her office as chair would start.","335":"Administration graduates will demonstrate a cooperative and inquisitive spirit that supports the desire to pursue lifelong learning, enables them to adapt to contemporary issues in the workplace, and helps advance the goals of their organization.","336":"The Program blends a solid academic major in the sciences with participation in contemporary laboratory research. On admission to the program, Presidential RUSH Scholars are integrated into active research groups under the direction of the training faculty at Cal State LA. The student selects his\/her own research adviser, and the nature and scope of the research project is arranged to suit the student's level and interests through consultation between the adviser and the student. The RUSH Scholar's participation in research will be part-time (10-15 hours per week) during the academic year, and full-time during the summer. The major benefit to the RUSH Scholar is the career enhancement experienced by participation in an active research group very early in the student's undergraduate career, an opportunity uncommon at most universities.","337":"This is a high school curriculum development grant program designed to modify existing Biological Sciences curriculum for Hispanic students; to develop supplemental materials for these students and the student's parents to understand the basic science as well as the ethical, social and legal issues of HGP.","338":"You can't graduate without a \"grad check\" (that is, completion of  all coursework and graduation requirements are not enough) and you can't get a grad check without an advisor. All the more reason to forge a relationship early on with one of the faculty who knows you, knows your program, and can help you jump through the hoops.","339":"Assignments: If a student misses their assigned time for tape screening for any of the exercises or projects and is not excused prior to the screening date by the instructor or if excused by the instructor and there is not an alternative screening date available, this will result in a zero score for their portion of that exercise or project. Failure to complete any assignment will constitute failure in this course.","340":"The University is aware that the decision of a student editor or manager might not be the kind of decision that a member of the faculty or administration would make in the same situation. It is conceivable a decision of an editor or manager might be embarrassing to the University, but it still upholds the idea that the editor or manager is free to make honest mistakes when personal conviction is at stake. The University believes its concerns are better served by freedom than by censorship.","341":"For future applicability, Cal State L.A. will not retain any discovered native American burial remains or associated or unassociated funerary objects. Any and all remains and associated grave artifacts, that are uncovered by Cal State L.A. personnel, will be inventoried and deposited with government agencies following state and federal regulations. Proposed federal regulations for the Native American Graves Protection Law (Public Law 101601) will be adhered to.","342":"Department of Information Systems, CSULA. This 121-page report received commendation from the university committee overseeing the six-year review process. It also formed the basis for subsequent reports that focused on the development of the department, 1992.","343":"At the time of publication, we have nine active organizations that participate as voting members of ETSC. These student organizations range in purpose from professional and technical, such as ASCE, IEEE, and NAIT, to academic honors, such as HKN and TBP. Along with the voting student organizations, there is an ETSC board comprised of a team of ten officers. These officers are usually elected at the beginning of spring quarter, with terms lasting until the end of the following spring quarter (the one quarter overlap allows for guidance of the new board).","344":"If individual members of the Board initiate complaints, they shall not participate in the adjudication of the complaints. If a student editor or manager and faculty adviser of a publication media activity are at an impasse over a serious matter, they may seek the counsel or arbitration from the Communications Board. They will start the process by first contacting the Chair of the Board. This is a voluntary process; the Board shall not step into disputes of this nature unless asked by the editor, manager or adviser.","345":"Social determinants of juror decision-making; social influences on jurors' responses to communications during trial; optimum presentation of witnesses and evidence; using juror questionnaires, focus groups and mock juries.","346":"Doesn t it seem crazy that you can make amends, but not one amend, that you comb through annals of history but not a single annal? If you have a bunch of odds and ends and get rid of all but one of them, what do you call it?","347":"In what follows I will first outline the extant scientific theories of the nature and mechanisms of imagery, and will attempt to assess them purely as such. I will then try to delineate the relevant key components of the folk\/Romantic conception of imagination, and finally I will try to assess to what degree the respective scientific theories of imagery are capable of throwing light upon them.","348":"Paraphrase: A paraphrase is a retelling of an idea in different words. Usually a paraphrase has fewer words than the original, so it is a little like a summary, except that the paraphrase is on a smaller scale and deals with only a small section of the original essay at a time. Because a paraphrase is in your own words, it usually fits into the essay a little better than a direct quote. Most of the material you use from other sources should be in this form.","349":"The civil engineering program provides instruction in the basic sciences and in engineering analysis and design. Areas of interest within civil engineering include: environmental and sanitary engineering, geotechnical engineering, highway and transportation engineering, hydraulics and hydrology, ocean engineering, and structural analysis and design.","350":"Graduation applications can only be accepted during certain filing periods. these filing periods are listed in the Schedule of classes every quarter and are also posted outside of the Sociology Main Office.","351":"Range elevation for temporary faculty, however, must be based on evidence of appropriate professional development, professional accomplishments, and\/or contributions to the university\/community, as well as on teaching performance. Specific criteria for range elevation will be established at the college and department\/division\/school levels.","352":"Introduction to major theoretical perspectives in performance studies and to key methodologies for investigating performance in\/as culture. Central concepts include social drama and performance ethnography.","353":"We should note in passing that there are alternative ways that might be used to assist in closing this gap: changes to COBRA rules and regulations might assist many forced to leave their jobs before being eligible for Medicare. Similarly, tax incentives to employers might help more employers to retain health insurance for their retirees. Access to group pools, such as the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP) or the Public Employees Retirement Service (PERS) in California might assist in reducing the often high rates for those in the decade prior to 65. And individual market reforms might assist in specific states.","354":"I am the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Specialist in the office for Students with Disabilities at California State University, Los Angeles.  I am responsible for coordinating support services (interpreting, notetaking, real time captioning) used by students that are deaf and hard of hearing.  I also work with studentswho have speech impairments.  I assist students in the areas of pre-enrollment planning, academic advising, disability related counseling, and advocating for appropriate accommodations in the classroom setting.  Also, I am involved in educating the campus community about hearing imapirments, support services used by students that are deaf and hard of hearing, as well as communication strategies that can be employed when encountering students that are deaf and hard of hearing.","355":"These changes have resulted in sand-starved coastal areas and severe erosion of our beaches. Good planning and compromise is needed to protect against floods and preserve our beach resources that are so attractive to tourists and those seeking escape from the summer heat.","356":"Because of Magic, people all over the world are more aware of AIDS and put more significance on protected sex. Hopefully, Magic will continue to heighten the awareness of the world, and hopefully, the world will continue to exist among us for a long, long time to come.","357":"Board of Trustees. The Board members represent a cross section of the campus community and include the President of the University, senior University administrators, a faculty member, a student member, a member of the Alumni Association, and representatives from the surrounding community. The Board guides and advises University management and professional fundraisers in securing donations of private funds to be utilized in four areas: capital campaigns; scholarship and fellowships; endowed chairs, scholarship and fellowships; and educational programming.","358":"Students who feel a sense of power and control, are making progress toward their goals, are supported by the teacher, have avenues to share concerns, and are given choices and not backed into corners by harsh directives will be much less likely to feel the need to engage the teacher in a power struggle.","359":"Although not substantiated fully, Saturn\u2019s rings are about one hundred millions years old. Moreover, just like the planet earth, Saturn encounters different seasons. Although it varies, the temperature on Saturn is approximately ninety degrees Kelvin. It takes twenty-nine years for Saturn to make a full revolution around the sun. Because of its numerous rings and moons, Saturn has become one the most interesting planets to explore. After so much time and effort that was put into creating this incredible spacecraft, Cassini successfully landed on Saturn. Cassini was launched on October 15, 1997 and finally, on June 30, 2004, scientists and other experts from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory as well as from all across the world, were extremely pleased. Cassini will remain on Saturn\u2019s surface for four years and will send back to earth several pictures and intense data of Saturn.","360":"\"Income\" includes but is not limited to fees, profits, royalties, and any other income derived from the use, exploitation, transfer, license, or sale of a patented invention by the University, its employees, or its students, or their respective successors in interest.","361":"You would need to get interviewed by a placement supervisor in Spring to assure that this arrangement for Summer would be workable. There are additional requirements you would need to meet in order to make this happen. It would require meeting with the Director or Student Assistant for more details.","362":"This format is used to critique and evaluate work done by other scientists as presented in journal articles and other published sources, in contrast to the research paper format, in which you present your own experimental data and results. You can use this format to review one journal article or several.","363":"Students who complete the B.A. degree in Social Work have numerous opportunities for professional advancement in child welfare, mental health services to the elderly and in other health-related positions.","364":"Among these rights are: the right to inspect and review personal education records, the right to request the amendment of education records in the case of inaccurate or misleading information, the right to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information contained in these records, and the right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by the University to comply with the requirements of FERPA.","365":"TERC is a nonprofit research and development organization committed to improving mathematics and science learning and teaching. Among the curricular materials they developed are Used Numbers: Real Data in the Classroom. Take some time to browse this valuable site and take a look at the project resource links they provide.","366":"Proof of service, either personal or by mail, shall be made by affidavit. Reinstatement may be granted only if the employee makes a satisfactory explanation to the Board as to the cause of absence and failure to obtain leave therefore, and the Board finds that the employee is ready, able, and willing to resume the discharge of the duties of the employee's position, or if not, that consent of the appointing power to a leave of absence has been obtained, such leave to commence upon reinstatement.","367":"In Two Kinds, Amy Tan explores the challenges a young girl faces when she must choose between pleasing her mother and pleasing herself. This conflict is complicated not only by a generation gap, but also by the differences between the Chinese and American cultures.","368":"The main concern of Kosslyn & Thompson (2003) is to suggest an explanation for why it is that many neuroimaging studies of visual imagery have found evidence for elevated activity in primary visual cortex during imagery, many other such studies indicate that there is no such elevated activity. The explanation that they suggest seems quite plausible to me, and is broadly consistent with the commitments of Perceptual Activity (PA) theory as outlined in ATOITOI (Thomas, 1999). However, although it does not really vitiate their main argument, in the course of their exposition they seriously misrepresent the nature of PA theory.","369":"This writer chooses to lead off with the thesis statement, and immediately launch into ajustification for his or her choice based on the argument that Johnson's announcementchanged AIDS awareness all over the world.","370":"International graduate applicants are required to submit all supporting documents (including degree verification) by the final day of the application filing period listed above. The international student application can be obtained at: http:\/\/www.calstatela.edu\/univ\/intlstu\/adm_info.htm International (visa) applicants seeking entry to the United States on the basis of acceptance by Cal State L.A. must file a special international student application (available from the Admissions Office) at least six months before the quarter they wish to begin their studies. For assistance in resolving admission problems and complying with regulations governing the entry of international students, applicants can contact International Student Services, phone (323) 343-3170.","371":"In 2001, the University-Student Union initiated a project to renovate the space to be vacated by the University Bookstore and Credit Union. This project triggered a requirement for seismic evaluation of the structure. The analysis determined that a seismic retrofit would be necessary of the entire building. The additional cost for seismic retrofit to meet the California Building Codes will result in little program benefit to the students and will cause significant disruption of services during construction. Plans are underway to determine the options, timing, and future costs associated with this recent discovery. It is likely that a new building which would include modern program features will best serve the students at Cal State L.A. and allow for an enhanced return on investment.","372":"Need: Table 5 presents the percent who have health insurance among adult civilian wage workers 18 and older. These workers, comprising most of the workforce, are non-military workers who work for a wage, excluding workers who work without pay, those who are self-employed in unincorporated firms, very young workers (under 18), and military personnel. The data source is the 1997 Current Population Survey.","373":"Senate and at such times as it is impossible to gather a quorum of the Senate. Any action taken by the Executive Committee in this instance must be reported to the Senate at its next meeting. No action may be taken by the Executive Committee, acting on behalf of the Academic Senate, without two-thirds of the voting membership of the Executive Committee being present.","374":"Chomsky's linguistic theories were an also an important influence on the formation of cognitive science, and reinforced the trend toward thinking of cognitive theory as being concerned with non-conscious symbol processing.","375":"Criteria for General Education Breadth Requirements,\" structure of the program such as organization of blocks and number of units in blocks, and number of units in the program, are policy issues that must be referred to EPC and, if approved by EPC, must be forwarded to the Executive Committee of the Academic Senate for normal Senate and Presidential approval.","376":"Divide bar into segments (finite elements) connected at ends to material points or particles (nodes). Define displacement field in each element, with shape (interpolation) functions, expressed as linear functions in the nodal displacements. Apply Rayleigh's quotient to generate element stiffness and (consistent) mass matrices, and system stiffness and mass matrices.","377":"In the previous year, I'd joined a private group on the Web whose purpose was sharing free music. In exchange for providing the group with albums, I was given access to a virtual library. In the few months of my membership, I uploaded a handful of CDs. I had no special industry access, so there was very little I could supply that wasn't already available: albums from local bands without national distribution, free music samplers given out in stores, etc.","378":"Violence information will be immediately useful to you in your personal relationships: as an intimate partner, a friend, a sibling, a daughter\/son, or as a parent. The issues surrounding child maltreatment and family violence appear in many families.","379":"That, of course, begs the question of how these representations get to be representations, how they acquire their intentionality3, but in what follows I am simply going to assume that this problem is somehow soluble; after all, lots of very clever people are busy studying it. All I will add is that, once more, dualism does not really help with the matter. To say that symbols in the brain represent because the soul takes them as representing (as symbols in the external world represent because people take them so to do) simply transforms the problem into that of how the soul acquires its intentionality - and we understand souls even less than brains.","380":"Eligibility. All regular full-time faculty, faculty in the pre-retirement reduction in time base program, emeriti faculty and faculty participating in the faculty early retirement program may apply for Institutional Grants. Usually proposals are submitted by individual faculty members, but joint proposals also are considered. On rare occasions a group of faculty members, representing either a single discipline or an interdisciplinary shared interest, may submit a collaborative proposal with supporting justification.","381":"University of Miami). Dr. Eisen conducts research in the area of Forensic Psychology. His current projects involve examining issues related to eyewitness memory (e.g., suggestibility effects, false memories, line-up construction in gathering eyewitness evidence). Dr. Eisen's work also involves examining the effects of trauma on maltreated children's memory, suggestibility, and physiologic functioning.","382":"The following Guiding Principles have been developed, based on best assessment practices, to steer the direction, development, and implementation of the assessment plan. These principles should guide the assessment of student learning outcomes for the General Education program at California State University\/Los Angeles.","383":"The committee will develop local campus procedures for the timely dissemination of information relating to availability, criteria, eligibility, and the process by which nominations for honorary degrees might be made.","384":"But in any case, the relational account of mental content only becomes a theory of consciousness inasmuch as Taylor makes good on his promise to solve the hard problem, to explain how this content comes to have a qualitative feel. Like many psychological theorists before him, Taylor, in effect, identifies the current contents of consciousness with the current contents of \"working [or short-term] memory\". He then proposes quite a detailed neurological model of how this function might be realized in the brain, and, in perhaps his strongest chapter (14), suggests that there are special properties of the neural representations involved that make it apparent how they can be, or embody, qualia. These neural representations are referred to as \"bubbles of activity\" in the cortex, the idea apparently being that small groups of reciprocally connected neurons might mutually activate one another to attain, for a while, a self-sustaining state of excitation. Such bubbles, it is claimed, could have properties that are similar or analogous to characteristics that the philosophical literature has ascribed to qualia, such as: \"presence\", \"transparency\", \"ineffability\", and \"uniqueness\".","385":"University policy requires that all students shall be graded in exactly the same fashion. What does this mean? You may not ask for extra assignments or to repeat an exam to improve your grade, or additional assignments after the course is completed.","386":"Earlier in the chapter we discussed the need for the teacher to maintain the social frame relationship between student success and the corresponding teacher reward. This implicit relationship is important to assure that students feel valued and competent. But over time it may be desirable for the teacher to help foster intrinsic sources of motivation within the student, rather than developing an expectation that the only way that the student will know if they are successful is if the teacher provides an extrinsic source of reward. In its most healthy form, reward power is experienced as a deep affirmation and a willingness on the part of the teacher to recognize student effort. In its least healthy form, it is a tangible or emotional token economy (see chapter 9 discussion related to extrinsic rewards and the use of praise).","387":"Laboratory research is also a very social activity, and the new students interact and learn from more senior members of the group. The research group is also, importantly, a support group of individuals with similar career aspirations.","388":"If authors of books or software claim that RC models improve estimation of parameters, they need to specify which parameters, and in what direction the improvement is.  As far as the fixed parameter estimates are concerned, we know that all methods produce unbiased estimates.","389":"Work as quickly as is comfortable. When you get stuck, look at your notes. If you have a good idea about another part of the paper, write it down on the notes so you can use it later. When you finish, go back and work on the parts that seemed a little rough.","390":"In this approach, outputs of three individual adaptive filters are summed up and fed into a single sato which adjust the average weights and feed the results back to the three filters. The final output is produced by taking the average of the three output of the adaptive filters.","391":"The following utilities, although not supported by the University, can be used to scan, clean, and protect your computer from virus attacks. Please note that the use of these tools is done at your own risk.","392":"The legitimate temptation to dualism arises over our awareness of the internal representations themselves4, which becomes an issue when we want to understand thinking rather than mere perception. Descartes, after all, arrived at his dualism by affirming his awareness of his thoughts whilst holding his awareness of his surroundings in question5. I (a whole person) am conscious of the things around me, but who is there to be aware of the things in me, to register my thoughts, and who manipulates my mental representations when I am actually thinking with them? Dennett6 has called this \"Hume's problem\". How can some inner I, some homunculus, be avoided? It will not do to think of the same whole person looking inward at representations just as he may look outward at objects, because the representations in question, and their vicissitudes, partly constitute this whole person. A person is not just the container for mental representations. Some sort of duality may indeed be demanded here - a representation can scarcely be aware of itself7 - and, perhaps because of this, most materialistically minded philosophers and psychologists tend to avoid the issue of conscious thought these days8. I want to sketch a sort of 'dualism' which can meet the problem without landing us with question begging homunculi9 or metaphysically otiose 'immaterial substances'10.","393":"Coordinator supervises a staff of student assistants who convert classroom materials, textbooks and other essentials educational materials into required formats. Books are also requested from publishers who provide them in electronic format. Complex materials require extensive Nemeth Code are outsourced.","394":"Free vibration of beam. Show eigenfunctions are orthogonal. Forced vibration of a pinned-pinned beam with initial conditions. Solve by modal analysis: expand motion in an eigenfunction series. Coefficients of eigenfunctions are normal coordinates.","395":"Note toward the top, in the gray navigation bar, the exact search done by the system and the number of records retrieved. In the beginning of 2001, there were 1832 records satisfying this search request. If you took the time to examine some of the results, you would find that ALL the retrieved records have the MAJOR descriptor  \"Test anxiety.\" Thus, the central focus of all of these articles is the topic, test anxiety.","396":"Credit Certificate Programs. a. Proposals ordinarily are initiated by faculty members or the Dean of Extended Education, who must first obtain department\/division\/school or interdisciplinary area approval for such programs. b. Proposals must be submitted using a standard form, the general pattern of which is similar to that used for new program proposals. They are processed in accordance with established curricular procedures. After approval at the college level, the proposal shall be submitted to the other colleges for consultation before it is forwarded to the Office Undergraduate Studies for referral to the appropriate curriculum subcommittee. If the proposed program is approved by the subcommittee and if there are no subsequent objections by the Educational Policy Committee, the proposal shall be submitted to the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs for final approval. c. The department\/division\/school or interdisciplinary area which has initiated the program proposal is required to designate an appropriate faculty member as coordinator of the certificate program. d. Approved descriptions of degree credit certificate programs currently being offered are included in the General Catalog. Programs that are likely not to be repeated will not be included in the General Catalog. e. All informational materials to be published and circulated in connection with a degree credit certificate program must have the prior approval of the Office of Public Affairs. f. Upon application by a certificate program student, submitted prior to the appropriate deadline, a review is initiated in the Admissions and University Outreach Office, Graduation Section, in a procedure analogous to that of a graduation check. When all of the requirements have been met, the Office of Admissions University Outreach enters an appropriate designation on the student's permanent record and certifies completion to the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs. g. Certificates are designed in a standard form for all programs, bear the seal of the University and the signature of the President, and are issued by the Office of Admissions and University Outreach. h. Annually, the Admissions and Records Office is required to report to the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs or designee the number of certificates awarded in each approved program. i. Each certificate program is reviewed along with other departmental\/divisional\/school or interdisciplinary programs in the course of the normal review cycle carried out by the Program Review Subcommittee of the Educational Policy Committee. j. Credit certificate program modifications must undergo the same approval process as new credit certificate programs.","397":"This work attempts to contribute to knowledge about the most significant aspects of Hispanic culture in the United States. It is divided into four volumes; Vol. 1 Literature and Art, Vol. 2 History, Vol. 3 Sociology, and Vol. 4 Anthropology. Each volume is composed of chapters written by specialists in the areas and concludes with a bibliography and detailed index.","398":"Special action admission may be granted by the appropriate college graduate dean upon the recommendation of both the proposed major department\/division\/school and the college graduate studies committee.","399":"On Tuesday of each week, you will submit a reflective journal specific to the readings assigned for that week. A maximum of 10 points will be awarded each entry based on the extent to which the readings are reflected in the entry, indications that you have integrated new information with previous knowledge, and new insights gleaned from the process. These journals are not intended to reflect your personal opinions and feelings regarding the content, but rather they should reflect your intellectual curiosity, discoveries, queries, and associations.","400":"The smooth touch-pad is one of the best I have experienced and wide keyboard is at par. There are four convenient programmable buttons above the keyboard for your favorite programs. The display is bright and has a default resolution of 1024 by 768 pixels.","401":"Your academic progress is monitored by quarterly reports which are made available by the Registrar to the MARC Program by computer link through the OASIS system. You may be interested in reading the document Some Hints on Achieving Academic Success.","402":"Without clear guidance, students often take up either a \"text-processing\" role, in which they synthesize material from different sources without responding to it, or the role of the \"street-corner debater,\" who argues propositions from his or her own personal experience and judgment without referring to sources or using professional vocabulary. The most appropriate role is often that of a \"professional in training\" who uses the perspective and conceptual tools of the discipline.","403":"My husband, Roland Carpenter, is an emeritus professor from CSLA. His discipline is Astronomy and Physics. He had the reputation of being one of the best teachers in his department, teaching courses from General Education Astronomy to advanced courses in Relativity and other topics. He teaches on a part-time basis when he frees himself from his work at his computer and his studies in current theories in quantum mechanics.","404":"In some departments research assistantships, as well as graduate traineeships may also be available to graduate students and information of their availability can be obtained by consulting the specific department.","405":"Some instructors use a \"question of the day\" format for their journal assignments, sometimes with a very sophisticated assignment sequence. In fact, Susan Peck MacDonald and Charles R. Cooper, two researchers at the University of California, San Diego, found that this structured approach was significantly more effective than the looser double-entry journal described above. The course involved in their study was \"Chinese Literature in Translation,\" but their procedures would work for almost any course.","406":"Maintained and expanded the network of granting agency administrators familiar with Cal State L.A. both to allow the campus to learn about grant competitions being developed at the agencies and to help increase the quality and thus success of proposals submitted by our faculty (e.g., NSF, NASA, NOAA, NIH).","407":"However, some students still need to complete a course or two during the summer and must wait until the following January to take the exam.  Students must possess a Bachelors degree in order to take the exam.  The director of the program  will give you all the information you need about taking the exam, and will go over a practice review.","408":"Eighteenth and nineteenth-century novels are exciting, thought-provoking, and playful; they are also exceptionally LONG. Be forewarned: you should enroll only if you are prepared to keep up with the reading (an average of 300 pages per week) and with two-page response papers due nearly every other week. Because this is a lecture-discussion class rather than a formal lecture course, active and informed contribution to class discussion is expected from all students.","409":"The copyright for all the sites of Vignettes of Ancient Mathematics belongs to Henry Mendell. Permission to use any translations, diagrams, or other texts by him is only granted for personal use and for use in a classroom using links to this site. For all other uses, including publication or commercial use, please inquire of the author.","410":"Choose the \"Roadmap\" that best fits your situation. \"Course Schedules\" for the next two years are provided so that you know when the courses of your plan will next be offered. Roadmaps are not meant to cover every possibility, but are simple guides to help you along the way. Likewise, the class schedules listed here are projected course offerings subject to changes in faculty availability and student demand.","411":"A vast number of Web sites encourage you to post your opinions, make suggestions, and ask questions. If you have something to say, there are a thousand places to say it on the Web. If you're still not satisfied, create your own Web page and say it there too.","412":"There is, however, an additional preparatory stage for students who have to complete a set of prerequisites assigned to them as a result of they not meeting some of the entry requirements placed by the College.","413":"The student media reserve the right to refuse any advertising. They will maintain and furnish upon request a list of types of advertising prohibited. These lists shall be filed with the Communications Board.","414":"CE 370. Elements of traffic engineering; vehicle, driver, and road characteristics; capacity and flow determination; signalized intersections; parking and accident studies; street, freeway, and mass transit operations.","415":"The width of the circles would seem to be either the same as the height of the earth's cylinder or the diameter of the earth. It is also unclear whether the circles are multiples of the earth's height or its diameter. Thus, one side of the moon will be eighteen-times the earth, and the other side will be nineteen-times.","416":"Naj Tunich, by the presence of two distance numbers among the original inscriptions. Distance numbers instruct a reader to count forward or backward from a specified date which is usually an ending of an important period in the long count system and therefore is a date known to archaeologists. Both of the Naj Tunich distance numbers refer to a period ending in A.D. 741 and an assumption was made that all other Naj Tunich Calendar Round dates fell into the same round [3]. The weakness of this assumption was demonstrated in 1988 when a newly discovered branch of the cave was found to contain a text with a distance number dating to the preceding round. At the very least, all of the dates should have been computed for both rounds, but even this would not address the possibility that some of the dates may belong to an even earlier round.","417":"As citizens engaged in a profession that depends upon freedom for its health and integrity, professors have a particular obligation to promote conditions of free inquiry and to further public understanding of academic freedom.","418":"UC Berkeley and UC Davis. You should definitely think about the strongest program you can possibly be admitted to if you intend to teach at the University level. Our Department has particularly close relations with UC Riverside and UC Santa Barbara.","419":"The program permits a reasonable amount of specialization, along with focus on several areas of historical study, providing a significant addition to undergraduate studies, as well as a solid base for further graduate work. It is also designed to meet the requirements of graduate students with outside employment. All of our graduate seminars are offered in the evening, and most other courses are offered on a varying schedule of days and hours of the day. Thus it is possible to proceed on a part-time basis and in the evening.","420":"Final examinations or final class meetings are required in all courses, and shall be held at the time and place shown in the Schedule of Classes. Any exception in time or place must receive written approval of the instructor, department\/division chair or school director, and college dean.","421":"AUTHOR: This tutorial is the responsibility of Barbara Case, our Library's Psychology Department Liaison Librarian. Ever effort has been made to keep this tutorial accurate and current; however, you may find errors and some parts may become dated by new developments. If you do find errors, or if you find material which appears to no longer match current database screen displays, please inform Barbara Case as soon as possible.","422":"Regulation of differentiation in mouse muscle cell culture. Use of protein and nucleic acid based cell and molecular techniques to investigate partial vs. terminal differentiation and interactions of transcription factors.","423":"If the course you have taken is not on this list but you believe the course covered the appropriate content, you will need to submit a course syllabus to the MSW Office for further review. You do not have to obtain the actual syllabus from when the course was taken. You may submit the current syllabus by contacting that department\/school and asking them to fax or mail the current syllabus for that class to you or the MSW Admissions Office at (323) 343-5009 with your name and telephone number on it. The School will make a decision on whether the course will count for the specified prerequisite. If a decision is made that the course will not count, you will be required to take the appropriate class to fulfill the prerequisite.","424":"Student Conduct Code proceedings are independent from other court proceedings. Student discipline may be instituted against a student also charged in civil or criminal courts based on the same facts that constitute the alleged violation of the Student Conduct Code. The university may proceed before, simultaneously with, or after any other judicial proceedings.","425":"David Chang is a CSLA graduate. He has been working in the College of Business & Economics ever since becoming an Information Technology Consultant. David Chang works under the Educational Support Services Group and he is assigned to the College of Business & Economics for faculty and staff computer support.","426":"Cross-sectional area at smallest part of neck is significantly smaller than original cross-sectional area. So stress at neck is much higher than as calculated for stress-strain diagram. Actual stress continues to rise after passage of ultimate strength.","427":"The faculty member may retain a copy of the written permission. All of the normal rights of authorship shall be accorded to the faculty member whose classroom lectures have been recorded, though absolute protection of these rights may be extremely difficult to furnish and therefore cannot be guaranteed.","428":"The math program empowers students to learn math through full participative, hands-on activities.  Opportunitites are provided which allow the children to estimate, calculate, question, create, recognize, share and apply mathematic and science concepts.  Through well planned age-appropriate activities, children experience a comprehensive body of meaningful, real-world math and science.","429":"Applications should be submitted at least 90 days in advance of the retirement date (and copies of the application for retirement may be filed with the Office of Human Resources Management). For detailed information on retirement benefits, faculty members are referred to the Public Employee's Retirement System retirement publication. Related publications on medical and dental benefits can be obtained in the Office of Human Resources Management.","430":"This building in Fillmore had a wood frame supporting the interior walls but no reinforcement for the exterior walls. As a result, the exterior wall fell onto the sidewalk during the 1994 earthquake. There were no injuries.","431":"Directive.This directive prohibits on campus: a. The sale of alcoholic beverages (except as noted in section 5d). b. The sale, furnishing, or giving of an alcoholic beverage to any person under 21 years of age. c. The consumption of alcoholic beverages by a person under 21 years of age. d. The consumption of alcoholic beverages by persons 21 years of age or older, except as designated below.","432":"Subordinates of the student conduct administrator, persons with a conflict of interest in the matter, and percipient witnesses to the events giving rise to the case are ineligible to serve as hearing officers. The hearing officer conducts the hearing, determines whether a student has violated the Student Conduct Code and if so, recommends sanctions.","433":"Instructors establish rules for their classes at the first meeting; attendance at that meeting therefore is most important. Instructors may drop absentees to admit other students in accordance with department\/division\/school policy. Instructors may also drop students who are ineligible to take the course. If instructors choose to drop students, they must submit drop lists to the registrar no later than the eighth day of instruction.","434":"Advanced Criminal Justice Theory combines all previous coursework required for the Bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice. It relies heavily on Theories and Perspectives (Crim303) and Research Methods (Crim430). If you have not successfully completed both of these courses, you must drop this course and take it at a later date. The course includes the design of the beginning of a research proposal. It will include constructing a statement of the problem, completing a literature review, explaining the deficiencies in prior studies, and explaining how the research question of the proposed study will fill the gaps in the literature.","435":"Turning from these, we can rest satisfied with having proceeded upon the clearest data, and having arrived at conclusions as exact as can be expected in matters of such antiquity. To come to this war: despite the known disposition of the actors in a struggle to overrate its importance, and when it is over to return to their admiration of earlier events, yet an examination of the facts will show that it was much greater than the wars which preceded it.","436":"Periodic Review. Departments\/divisions\/schools or interdisciplinary groups scheduled for university review prepare a complete program review document for the program under consideration, as a result of department\/division\/school wide consultation, and according to the format prescribed by the Program Review Subcommittee. However, a department\/division\/school that has programs which have undergone within the past three years specialized accreditation which included external reviewers will prepare a matrix comparing the standards and criteria of accreditation and those of program review, and, if necessary, a modified report consisting of those sections which are not addressed in the accreditation documents. The full program review reports will be submitted for department\/division\/school programs which were not addressed in the accreditation process. Copies of all accreditation documents shall be provided to the subcommittee.","437":"After being admitted to the MSIS program, a graduate student must first meet with the principal advisor prior to starting the program. Before meeting with the advisor, he or she is required to browse this website for information on graduate courses and other details pertaining to the MSIS program. The purpose of the required first meeting is to draft a course program for the student. The purpose is to select and approve the courses for the student's MSIS program. Only when the completed and signed program schedule is transmitted to the gradate office and retained in the student's file, he or she will be considered as being officially enrolled in the MSIS program.","438":"The midterm exam and the final exam will be based on materials from the text, other assigned readings, projects, lectures, discussions, and other in-class work. Format will vary, but generally you may expect multiple choice, matching, definitions, short answers, and\/or short essays. Generally, exams cannot be made up, so plan your schedule accordingly.","439":"The integrated video and audio cards are suitable for your normal office application use and the 40 GB hard drive offers plenty of storage. You get a piece of both worlds with a 32X DVD\/CD-RW combo drive and a zip drive. This PC has sufficient room for expansion. My test model had four open, easily accessible PCI slots, plus one vacant memory socket, and two open storage bays capable of handling hard-drives or optical and other removable-media drives. The keyboard is spacious and felt comfortably responsive to my typing test.","440":"Examine the aqua frame on the left headed with the word \"Child and Family Studies.\" Note that there are 7 databases listed in the Journal Articles - Primary section. Click on each of these seven links and read the descriptions given for each database in the main CONTENT area.","441":"Students. The current year's nominating committee announces the award program on campus and accepts nominations from either previously or currently enrolled students on an appropriate form similar to that provided for in the section above.","442":"Holism may be what tempts Churchland (1985) and Dennett (1991) to seem to suggest that if Mary really did have complete theoretical knowledge of a completed future science, she would somehow be able to figure out what the experience of blue is like5. After all, holism seems to imply that she would be able to reach an understanding of the meaning of \"blue\" that is considerably richer than that available to us poor scientific primitives, and, of course, knowing what \"blue\" means entails knowing what blue is like! But this suggestion is best regarded as a new reductio of a type of holism (one that focuses on the theoretical and linguistic and slights the underpinning of experience) that has long since found its definitive reductios in Rortyan and Feyerabendian relativisms6. The truth is that all of Mary's scientific learning, no matter how complete in other respects, will not provide her with an understanding of the referent of \"blue\", which is something that other people can have without any scientific education at all.","443":"And so if the ratio for the movement is what AB has to AG, it is necessary that AD also have this ratio to AE. Therefore the small quadrilateral is similar to the larger, so the same diameter is also of them, and A will be at Z. In the same manner, it will be proved wherever the motion is marked off. For it will always be on the diameter.","444":"Kendrick's rich history of poetic contributions to local and national publications has earned her numerous awards and honors, including a National Endowment for the Arts Award, the George Kent Award for Literature, the prestigious Anisfield-Wolf Award, and an invitation from the Chinese government to lecture at the Shanghai School of Foreign Languages. She has received two Yaddo Fellowships and a Fulbright Teaching Fellowship. She was the first Vira I. Heinz Professor Emerita at Phillips Exeter Academy. Chicago State University has inducted Kendrick into the International Literary Hall of Fame for writers of African-American descent, an honor sponsored by the Gwendolyn Brooks Center for Black Literature and Creative Writing.","445":"Emptying the disk and memory cache on your local computer and then reloading the web page will almost always take care of the problem (consult your browser's online help for the specific details on how to empty the cache).","446":"The ELM examination is designed to assess the skill levels of entering CSU students in the areas of mathematics typically covered in three years of rigorous college preparatory mathematics courses in high school. Those lower-division students who do not demonstrate college-level skills will be directed to courses or programs designed to help them attain these skills.  The test is not a condition for admission to the CSU but must be taken prior to enrollment.","447":"Final examinations or final class meetings are required in all courses, and shall be held at the time and place shown in the Schedule of Classes. Any exception in time or place must receive written approval of the instructor, department\/division chair or school director, and college dean.","448":"The \"SP\" symbol shall be used in connection with thesis, project, dissertation, and similar approved courses where assigned work frequently extends beyond a single academic term and may include enrollment in more than one term. The \"SP\" indicates that student performance has been evaluated and found to be satisfactory but that further work must be completed before a final grade (or grades) can be properly assigned for any part of the course. Enrollment for more units of credit than the total number of units which can be applied to the fulfillment of the student's educational objective is prohibited. The \"SP\" symbol shall be replaced with the appropriate final grade within one year of its assignment except for courses associated with the Master's thesis (597, 598, 599, 900) in which case the time limit shall be five years and for Doctoral dissertation (698, 699) in which case the time limit shall be five years. In the event that an \"SP\" has not been replaced by a final grade within the prescribed time limit for the course the grade shall be changed to a \"NC.\"","449":"Class periods may be used for lectures, group discussions, demonstrations, or visual presentations. Typically Environmental Geology of Developing Nations is divided into two major topics: (1) the recognition, mitigation, and prevention of natural disasters in developing nations, and (2) the positive and negative aspects of natural resource extraction. Students work to understand these topics within the cultural, economic, and historic framework of developing nations.","450":"The Solar Eagle and Solar Eagle II made history in California, and brought significant prestige to and interest in the School of Engineering and Technology at California State University, Los Angeles. These projects became showcase pieces and brought recognition to the school and to the University. More than a half million people have seen at least  one of the cars, either at educational tours across Los Angeles or, in the case of Solar Eagle I, at the Petersen Automotive Muesum. The project engendered unprecedented enthusiasm and pride all across the Cal State L.A. campus community. These projects provided the more than sixty Solar Eagle and Solar Eagle II team members with the educational experience of a lifetime. Furthermore, the projects played important roles in raising public consciousness of the need for environmentally clean transportation systems.","451":"All faculty members are provided Workers' Compensation benefits for work-related injuries and illnesses. Work-related injuries and illnesses should be reported immediately to the faculty member's department\/division\/school and the Office of Human Resources Management not later than 24 hours after the injury or illness becomes known.","452":"I will raise to an A or A- the grade of any student from whom I learn, by way of class participation or project, a new concept, insight, or technique. Concrete information about programs or bugs may also raise your grade somewhat, if it is useful and perceptive.","453":"The Mathematics Education option is a program which prepares teachers for leadership roles to improve mathematics learning in elementary and middle schools. All courses relate theory and research to teaching mathematics to diverse learners with emphasis on active learning for mathematical understanding and the integration of appropriate technologies in the curriculum.","454":"I realize, upon writing this short (well, maybe not so short) document, that there is a 99% chance this is a futile effort - not for any other reason than the fact that eighteen year olds just really don't want to hear it. When I was eighteen, everything I intend to write down here was told to me at one point or another by many different people, and unfortunately, I just didn't give a damn. Had I listened, my life would have been much, much easier, and that is the reason I decided to write this.","455":"The University will not stamp any outgoing mail without the sender's name or department\/division\/school. Where the Supervisor of Mail Services has reason to believe the outgoing mail may not be University business, as outlined in section 2d below, an attempt will be made to call the sender the same day. If the sender then verifies compliance with section 2d, the mail will be expedited with priority processing. If the sender is not available by phone, the mail will be processed and the Supervisor of Mail Services will notify the sender and the Director of Support Services of these concerns.","456":"Unless you are using Netscape 3.O or better, or Microsoft Explorer 3.0 the back button on the internet browser will not take you back to the previous page within the Faculty Handbook. To view the previous page click and hold the mouse down anywhere on the window, but not on any of buttons, and when the Back in Frame or back dialog box occurs, select the item (if you are using a PC use the right mouse button). This will take you back to the last page you visited. If you intend to visit the Handbook frequently you might want to add a bookmark: Click on Bookmark on the Netscape Browser and drag down and select \"Add a Bookmark.\" The Bookmark \"The Faculty Handbook\" will now appear when you click and drag on Bookmarks in the main menu bar of Netscape. If you want to select this bookmark then highlight it with the mouse to select it and then release the mouse button.","457":"The foregoing considered, the University does hereby establish the following policy with respect to inventions and their subsequent potential patentability and marketability. This policy applies to all University employees and to students who may produce inventions as a result of activity where University facilities or resources are used.","458":"University, Los Angeles Federal Credit Union. Shares may be purchased in the credit union through monthly payroll deductions or by direct payment. Loans are also available under the policies established for loans by the Credit Union Committee. Applications for loans are available in the Credit Union Office.","459":"Method of superposition. Because the equation EIy'' = M is a linear differential equation, the total deflection of a beam due to several loads is the sum of the deflections caused by the individual loads. Example 1: cantilever beam with uniform and concentrated end load. Application of tabulated beam deflection results. Example 2: cantilever beam with one intermediate concentrated load.","460":"CE\/ME 205 (may be taken concurrently). Tests of engineering materials in tension, compression, bending, and torsion; verification by experiment; basic theories learned in strength of materials. Laboratory 3 hours.","461":"Recruitment should be based on explicit long-term (three- to five-year) plans developed on the basis of careful forecasting of curriculum developments for each department\/division\/school, projected changes in class size limits related to changes in content and methods of instruction in each class, changing needs for each offering, projected student\/faculty ratios, projected FTES, and the Statement of Diversity and Inclusivity.","462":"Point Average Requirement: Achievement of a minimum B(3.0) grade point average in all courses on the approved degree program. A grade of C is allowed on the program; however, any grade below C requires that the course be repeated with both grades computed in the grade point average.","463":"The responsibility for fiscal support of and administrative control over interdepartmental\/interdivisional\/interschool and intercollege programs shall be placed in the departments\/divisions\/schools and colleges concerned; wherever more than one college is involved, administrative responsibility shall be assigned to one college, but fiscal responsibility shall be shared. Programs for which administrative control and fiscal support are specifically established by action of the Senate are exceptions to this policy.","464":"In practice, language acquisition theory means that reading and listening to a large amount of comprehensible English is essential to improving a student's English language ability. Rutherford's revision of this theory means that highlighting specific points at which the student's interlanguage system is at variance with a native speaker's grammatical system can help that student form a better hypothesis about how that particular part of the system works, and facilitate acquisition of the proper forms.","465":"Partnerships between the public and the private sector to extend the age through which all young adults would be covered by their parents' health insurance policies and\/or to urge educational institutions to standardize health insurance requirements for students.","466":"In addition to the category of regular members, the Association provides the special classifications of \"Contributing Life\", \"Life\", and \"Supporting\" membership for those who wish to contribute additional funds in support of the association's work.","467":"This is not, however, the only available model. GIGO or \"garbage in and garbage out\" is an alternative model. In the GIGO model it is assumed that students who are admitted with weak writing skills and\/or little ability to learn and to retain content will exit with these same deficiencies (probably sooner than later). Conversely, those with strong skills and ability will exit the university with a strong content base and strong writing skills (i.e., QIQO or \"quality in and quality out\").","468":"Academic Freedom and Professional Ethics, and on other committees a major portion of whose work requires that committee membership be limited to tenured faculty, department\/division chairs, school directors and academic administrators, as prescribed by the Administrative Code, Title 5, section 42701. None of the above is intended to restrict student participation on student grievance committees.","469":"Because our belief is that schools change from within, we feel that, in most cases, the most beneficial assessment system provides a school with a clear picture of where they are in a very concrete and specific manner, and then spells out very clear targets for which to aim in their process of growth. We feel the primary users of a good assessment system are those most involved in the renewal effort. In most cases, that would be a team of teachers and administrators that have made a commitment to doing what it takes to provide a vision and to facilitate the educational process for their peers. Yet we also offer the perspective only an \"objective outsider\" can provide.","470":"Files of all faculty unit employees who are on the faculty five or more years will be kept in the appropriate dean's office for a period of five years after the faculty member has ceased being an active member of the faculty in any way (including FERPing).","471":"Because they were so fragile we did not attempt to move the bones in order to search for more offerings. Even with this small sample, the offerings included with the dead varied, suggesting that differences in wealth had already begun to develop in the society.","472":"Part one is particularly helpful for beginner users. Learn the basics of PowerPoint, covering the PowerPoint interface, menu and tool bars overview, basic presentation skills, design templates, slide layouts, color schemes, and using the Slide Sorter view.","473":"Want to buy that gadget and can't make-up your mind! ITS reviews technology to help you make up your mind. You will know what you want, why you want it and how you can GET it. Find out more information.","474":"Robert Frost wrote a famous poem called \"The Road Not Taken\" about those times in our lives when we have to make a choice to go in one direction, and leave other possibilities behind. Most of us have made this type of choice--to go to college or find a job, to become a teacher instead of a musician, to get married or break off a relationship.","475":"In the past, lecturers have had few places to gain basic rights as members of the faculty. However, since 1983 when CFA was certified as the exclusive bargaining agent for the faculty, CFA has won important rights for lecturers, who constitute almost 50% of CSU's faculty.","476":"With reasoning derived from physical principles agreeing with experience, there is no figure left for the orbit of the planet except for a perfect ellipse.... Why should I mince words? The truth of Nature, which I had rejected and chased away, returned by stealth through the back door, disguising itself to be accepted....I thought and searched, until I went nearly mad, for a reason why the planet preferred an elliptical orbit.\"","477":"It is a faculty right and obligation to participate in faculty government. The faculty cannot surrender this right by appointing or electing faculty members to committees by virtue of their administrative position, or by constituting committees with the dual role of establishing policy and also administering policy. Faculty committees in each department\/division\/school shall have the responsibility for policy recommendation and shall report directly to the college dean.","478":"Although the Legislature has recognized Senates as representative agents of the faculty, the Administrative Code refers only to the faculty in general in their recommending and consultative roles. Specifically, Title 5 states that decisions on the educational program of the University are made by the \"appropriate campus authority\" which is defined as \"the President acting upon the recommendation of the faculty of the campus\" (40l05). It further stipulates: \"It is the policy of the Trustees that faculty be consulted on academic personnel matters\" (4270l).","479":"The Executive Committee shall consist of the chair, the vice chair, and the secretary of the Academic Senate, the immediate past chair*(as a nonvoting member), the senior member of the Academic Senate CSU**(as a non-voting member), and the four other members who are elected by secret ballot by the members of the Senate for a one- year term. No more than three voting members of the Executive Committee shall be from any one college.","480":"Keep the number of saved email messages down to a minimum. Make an effort to clean up unwanted email messages on a weekly basis. By doing this, you decrease the amount of time it takes to load your email and increase the speed of system responsiveness. You will soon find that this improves the speed and efficiency of the email software application that you use. This benefits you, the user, and all who share in the use of the NIS system.","481":"\". . . in the absence of clear and explicit legislative authorization, a public agency may not expend public funds to promote a partisan position in an election campaign . . . A fundamental precept of this nation's democratic electoral process is that the government may not 'take sides' in election contests or bestow an unfair advantage on one of several competing factions.\" [Stanton v. Mott 17 Cal. 3d 206; 130 Cal.","482":"Almost an infinite number of variables are available with which to define a health insurance \"gap.\" Some of the more common variables are included in Table 1, \"The Probability of Being Uninsured.\" Nine different variables are included here, all from the Current Population Survey, and each indicating a substantial amount of difference on being uninsured.","483":"Make sure that the portfolio allows for expansion and has a cord to secure the flap. This folder will hold your work for this course. It will be turned in with Outside Assignment 7 and will include all work from the quarter.","484":"Committee deliberations shall focus on the merit of the achievements submitted by the applicant for consideration. Applicants who are tenured\/tenure-track faculty must at least demonstrate evidence of outstanding or meritorious performance in two areas, and satisfactory performance in a third area. Performance in the area of student growth and development must be at least meritorious.","485":"Comparative analysis of Asian societies; population, social thought, institutions, stratification, education, industrialization, and urbanization in Asia focusing on China, Japan, Korea, and southeast Asia.","486":"The Student Composer Forum currently does not receive funding through college or departmental resources. However the need for funding this project has increased as the population of student composers has expanded by leaps and bounds every year.","487":"And not only are most awarded to students currently enrolled but many are given to students pursuing specific majors. Sociology awards three such scholarships: the Francesca (\"Kiki\") Alexander, the David Miller, and the Richard and Erika Nahrendorf.","488":"Please note that this page is an ongoing project. Not only is the discusion incomplete at the moment, but I also hope to be finding new material to add to it periodically. If any direct experimental or theoretical challenges to PA theory are published (and come to my attention), they will also be discussed here, together with my rebuttal (if I have one). Published misintepretations of the theory, that provide significantly misleading accounts of my actual views, will also be listed and discussed here as they come to my attention.","489":"Behaviors that may distract me, or your colleagues, away from appropriate work will NOT be tolerated in class. This includes receiving audible cell phone or pager alarms; you are responsible for testing your gear to make sure that it will stay silent during class time. You may only use computers in the classroom when and as instructed.","490":"Periodic Review. The Undergraduate Studies Office, which directs coordination and furnishes support for the Early Entrance Program, will review it annually to assure that it conforms with all university regulations and meets appropriate academic standards.","491":"The experience will culminate in a week wherein the student will plan all activities for the children and provide appropriate instructions and discussion for other staff. Students must keep a daily journal about their experiences including all lesson plans and materials developed for use in the classroom.","492":"If you are using the Second Level page templates provided by this site, you will see the following HTML code embedded at the top of the page. Replace the text in bold with the appropriate information.","493":"One mostly implicit element of the classroom reality is the way that power is manifested in any class. Feeling some degree of power is a basic human need. As we will discuss in more detail in chapter 9, if the students? individual or collective need for power is not met, they will exercise it in one form or another. The teacher too has a basic need for power as a human being, and they are no less inclined to react if they are not experiencing healthy means to feeling control over their destiny.","494":"This format is used to critique and evaluate work done by other scientists as presented in journal articles and other published sources, in contrast to the research paper format, in which you present your own experimental data and results. You can use this format to review one journal article or several.","495":"Objective The main objective of the course is to provide each student with a basic understanding of the major developments and major figures in British literary history from the last few decades of the eighteenth century through the 1830s. In addition, we will work on becoming better readers, writers and thinkers through frequent discussions, examinations, presentations and writing tasks. Ultimately our goal is to work on improving our ability to think critically about texts (in whatever form we encounter them) and to communicate clearly our ideas. Each of us must consider the acts of reading and writing as ways of making the world, of making it cohere or come apart, of inscribing it with purpose and meaning.","496":"Association regarding the awards and to invite nominations. A nomination form is available from the Board. This form indicates that while these awards are to be made primarily for excellence of teaching, significant achievements are expected in scholarly inquiry or creativity, in professional activities, and in service to the campus and community. The form also requests the nominator to comment directly and pertinently about the nominee. In addition to the nomination itself, the form requests information such as the date and title of any course taken with the nominee, the degree held by the nominator and the date thereof, and the signature of the alumnus or alumna.","497":"Level Master's Program in Nursing (ELMN) is a rigorous three-year program for selected college graduates leading to the Master of Science degree in Nursing. This provides a direct entry pathway to our traditional two-year Master of Science in Nursing program. Students may elect any of the nine currently available options in the MSN program, but admission to a particular option depends on space available. Therefore, students should specify both a first and second choice. A decision about the choice of specialty should be made prior to completion of the pre-licensure portion of the program.","498":"Campus facilities shall be made available for the use of faculty and recognized on-campus student groups and outside groups under the conditions set forth in the following definitions, rules, and codes.","499":"Be mindful of course prerequisites. Put yourself in the best circumstances to succeed, and that is by taking courses in the appropriate sequence with the appropriate prerequisites. Don't put yourself at a competitive disadvantage by enrolling in courses for which you are not ready. The point is not for you to simply get through your courses as a set of requirements and hurdles. Courses are to prepare you with sufficient knowledge and analytical skills for your professional work. If you feel that you are ready for a course even though you have not completed all the course prerequisites, speak to the professor. If he\/she agrees you may be allowed to enroll.","500":"Discuss with your faculty research director your interest in attending a scientific meeting, and if he\/she approves, have them complete and send to Vicki Kubo-Anderson, a travel request form (available online at MARC-U*STAR Travel Request Form) at least one month in advance, or earlier if the meeting has an earlier registration deadline. Several weeks in advance of your approved travel, you will want to talk to Ms. Kubo-Anderson, to confirm that your reservations and meeting registration are in order prior to travel.","501":"The differences in GPA between the options are not, however, replicated in GRE scores. World Politics students, despite a relatively low GPA, are highest in the comparative politics subsection of the GRE and second highest on the international relations subsection.","502":"Objectives: Gather and analyze data related to the articulated industrial, technology, and vocational education programs (nature, characteristics, procedural issues, strengths, weaknesses, issues, recommendations for success).","503":"At our first meeting, we will determine a presentation schedule for the remainder of the quarter. Each week, from the second to the seventh, presenters will offer presentations or lead the class discussion on selected topics.","504":"Happiness is a journey, not a goal to reach someday: Sometimes in chasing rainbows we let sunbeams slip away. Why wait until tomorrow when today holds joy to share, to make a moment brighter to show someone you care.  So let your heart lead you and enjoy life's little things.... Walk aware of happiness the daily journey brings.","505":"Mind the Stop: A Brief Guide to Punctuation, writes: \"I should define punctuation as being governed two-thirds by rule and one-third by personal taste. I shall endeavor not to stress the former to the exclusion of the latter, but I will not knuckle under to those who apparently claim for themselves complete freedom to do what they please in the matter.\" Carey's position is probably an accurate statement of the case, but we might ask, \"What kind of rule applies only two thirds of the time?\"","506":"The conduct has the purpose or effect of interfering with a student's academic performance, creating an intimidating, hostile, offensive or otherwise adverse learning environment, or adversely affecting any student.","507":"When you place a  free fraud alert with one of the credit reporting agencies, that agency is supposed to notify the other two agencies. To be on the safe side, it may be a good idea for you to contact all three. Fraud alerts will then be placed automatically on your accounts, and credit reports from the agencies will be mailed to you at no cost.","508":"Resequenced and transferred parts specifications data to a new Mac Pac IBM Manufacturing Database System In the first week improved data input process by training other data controllers on more efficient use of new system.","509":"Nominations for promotion are initiated through a formal process in the faculty member's department\/division\/school and sent to the college promotion committee. Where the department\/division chair or school director disagrees with these nominations, the opinions of both shall be forwarded to the college committee. The college committee makes its own recommendations to the dean.","510":"Stich & Ravenscroft would seem to be right (if not altogether for the right reasons) that simulation theory does not directly threaten the eliminativist project in the way that was once thought. As they read it, simulationism is an \"internalist\" theory - a theory of how we actually predict and explain each others behavior - and leaves the \"external\" question, the question of the truth of what the folk say about each others psychological processes, quite open. They argue that, although simulationism undercuts internalist eliminativism, it leaves the way open for externalist eliminativism, which, as I have argued, is actually the most philosophically radical version of the doctrine. Indeed, simulationism might even seem to give some quite strong support to externalist eliminativism. If what we really do to predict and understand people's behavior is to simulate, yet (as has been standardly assumed) the folk talk about the mind in terms of practical reasonings about propositional attitudes, then the eliminativists case is (at least partly) made: the \"external\" folk theory of the mind (as standardly understood) is false.","511":"The assessment study was based on the assumption that the students in the lower division classes could be treated as an entering cohort of majors and the students in the upper division classes could be treated as an exiting cohort of majors. This assumption held true for the upper division classes in which all but one of the 19 students in these classes, a senior who was a political science minor, had completed ten or more political science classes prior to taking the examination. However more than one-fourth of the 47 students in the lower division classes who took the GRE had already completed ten or more political science courses. Given the large number of upper classmen in the lower division classes, it simply was not valid to treat the students in the lower division classes as an entering cohort of majors to be compared with the students in the upper division class. It was possible, however, to compare the students by dividing them into two groups based on the number of political science courses they had completed prior to taking the sample GRE examination.","512":"This apartment collapsed even though it did not have a soft first floor. In this case the walls did not have adequate lateral bracing and were too weak to withstand the earthquake forces. Lives were needlessly lost.","513":"Let a segment less then a semicircle be erected perpendicular to a circle on a chord which is less than a diameter and let the segment be divided unequally at some point. Then the line from the point to the larger segment of the initial circles is smaller than the line to any other point on the circular-arc of the larger segment of the circle. The theorem considers other conditions, including the case where the segment is erected on a diameter.","514":"The first expulsion of imagery from psychology led to the narrow sterilities of behaviorism. Psychology ceased its attempt to tell us about the human mind and human experience, and told us instead only of rats and reflexes.","515":"These elements represent \"Noun Phrase,\" person, number, tense, modal, perfect forms, progressive or continuous forms, and main verb. The formula as it stands will represent the verb phrase of any possible sentence in English with the exception of passive constructions, which require the addition of (be+en). Brackets enclose obligatory choices; the elements enclosed by parentheses are optional.","516":"SFX is a new type of \"linking\" software, that allows you to quickly access the full text of an article online.  The Cal State LA library is currently working on testing and implementing this new product, as part of a CSU system-wide project.  It will take several months for all the \"behind the scenes\" work to be done.  In the coming weeks you will begin to see the SFX link (or logo)  appear next to article database search results.  Clicking on the SFX link opens a new window  with direct links to various online sources for the article.","517":"The work of Shepard, Paivio, Finke, Anderson, Neisser, Palmer, Marks, to mention but a few of the more important imagery theorists from within cognitive psychology, is given short shrift, if it is mentioned at all. Coverage of the relevant empirical literature is even more selective.","518":"Alumni Association. The Board of Directors of the Alumni Association is invited to notify annually all members of the Alumni Association regarding the awards and to invite nominations. A nomination form is available from the Academic Senate Office. The form requests the nominator to comment directly and pertinently about the nominee. In addition to the nomination itself, the form requests information such as the date and title of any course taken with the nominee, the degree held by the nominator and the date thereof, and the signature of the alumnus or alumna.","519":"Step 3:If your application file is complete, your file will be sent to the School faculty reviewers. You will receive a letter indicating your file is complete so please enclose two self-addressed stamped envelopes. If your file contains most of the required items and is close to being complete, we will send a letter indicating which items are missing and that we will hold your file from being reviewed until all missing items are received. We will not send you a second letter if after the first letter your file is still incomplete. If your file is complete and you have received a letter regarding completion, it usuallytakes 4 to 8 weeks for the faculty to make a recommendation.","520":"Graduates of the mechanical engineering program will be able to work in group and individual settings to define and solve problems related to thermal and mechanical systems and manufacturing processes by applying engineering fundamentals and engineering tools with a logical approach and be able to clearly communicate their findings.","521":"The legislation also guarantees renewability of health coverage for all group health plans, unless the plan has failed to pay premiums, committed fraud, violated participation or contribution rules, terminated coverage, moved outside the service area, or ceased association membership.","522":"Tunich ceramics from the 1988 season, it was found that many of the sherds gave off the unmistakable aroma of copal incense if heated in an oven (Escobedo 1989) and it was also found that almost every lot produced the aroma to a greater or lesser degree. In 1989, this technique was refined by presorting the ceramics and heating types individually. All of the unslipped and crude monochrome types -in other words, all the \"domestic\" or \"utilitarian\" types -produced the aroma. This is not to say that all vessels in those types were used for burning copal, but at least some portion of each of these types was used in this manner. The frequent evidence of fire blackening on the interior of sherds indicates that burning was occurring inside vessels and suggests once again their use as incense burners rather than for cooking where one would expect to find fire blackening on the exterior. In modem Maya ceremonies at Naj Tunich large quantities of incense were burned in plain ceramic vessels and produced the same pattern of burning observed on the ancient ceramics. The frequency with which interior burning was encountered suggests that this was a major function of ceramics in the cave. This is hardly surprising in that Cook (1986: 139) states that the use of fire is so prevalent in modern Maya ritual that ceremonies are referred to as \"burnings.\" The results of our experiment clearly demonstrate that \"domestic\" pottery often had a ceremonial use, so that one cannot imply vessel function, in most cases, based solely on surface finish or vessel form.","523":"Appointments with an advisor are not required to answer every question. Many questions can be answered on this page or on other pages within the sociology website. The department has instituted new procedures for advisement. there will now be several different advisors handling various tasks. Students should look at the list below to identify their advisement issue and the appropriate advisor.","524":"University to maintain flexibility and respond to changing demands. Programs shall be discontinued when they no longer serve the needs of the students, the University or society, or no longer possess academic validity or when the University cannot provide the resources to offer them. The decision to discontinue a program shall be made only after all appropriate evidence has been gathered and examined, and thorough consultation among affected parties has occurred.","525":"Materials will not be removed from any official file, but records made by faculty members on the Committee regarding achievements pertinent to the award will be the subject of Committee deliberations at confidential meetings. Faculty nominees are encouraged to submit current curricula vitae to the Outstanding Professor Awards Selection Committee.","526":"The first half of the homework will be due at the time of the mid-term exam, and will be collected and checked during that exam. The second half of the homework will be due at the time of the final exam, and will be collected and checked during that exam. No early or late homework will be accepted.","527":"Review Cycles. In accordance with the Trustees' resolution, each academic program must be reviewed qualitatively and quantitatively at least once every five years. The Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs or designated subunit of that office will determine the specific review cycles for each department and interdisciplinary program by consultation with the administration of the colleges. In the selection of programs to be reviewed each year, related disciplines will be grouped to the extent possible and in such a manner that approximately one-fifth of the programs are reviewed each year over the review period. Care will be taken to schedule review of graduate programs at the same time as the review of the undergraduate program(s) within the same discipline, and to coordinate with accreditation cycles for the discipline. In the case of new programs, it should be expected that a developmental period of up to five years will be required to establish a valid measure of their productivity. The President, Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs, or the Educational Policy Committee may request additional reviews of programs in any given academic year for purposes of planning or to satisfy a request from the Chancellor's Office or the Board of Trustees. Reviews other than the university reviews may of course be conducted by colleges or departments at times other than those scheduled by the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs, and they may request a university review on their own initiative. The  schedule for program review and all subsequent modifications will be published by the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs and distributed to the faculty.","528":"Ivan was born on June 5, 1927 in San Diego, California, the first of two sons of Helen Ivanova and Paul W. Colburn. Early in his life the family moved to Laguna Beach where the grammar school kid learned to surf and explore nature in the uninhabited and uncluttered hills behind his home. His father was a high school biology teacher who sparked and held his son's interest in all of nature's grandeur so it is not surprising that he noticed and collected Miocene oyster shells from the Topanga Formation while exploring the hillsides. His father heightened his son's interest in nature when he took him on a trip to view the damage produced by the 1933 Long Beach earthquake, and then again in 1938 when the two of them viewed the two mile wide, rain-swollen Santa Ana River. Ivan and his family once again moved during World War II and settled in West Los Angeles.","529":"Classical and medieval writers had no term for consciousness in anything like the modern sense, and their philosophy seems not to have been troubled by the mind-body problem. Contemporary eliminativists find strong support in this fact for their claim that consciousness does not exist, or, at least, is not an appropriate scientific explanandum. They typically hold that contemporary conceptions of consciousness are artefacts of Descartes' (now outmoded) views about matter and his unrealistic craving for epistemological certainty. Essentially, they say, our belief in consciousness is a residue of once pressing, but now irrelevant, intellectual tensions between religion and the rising new science of the Early Modern period. With the attempts of Descartes and his successors to resolve these tensions, Western thought began down a track toward the conceptual cul-de-sac of the \"hard problem\".","530":"Xu in 1999. Every effort has been made to keep this tutorial accurate and current; however, you may find errors and some parts may become dated by new developments. If you do find errors, or if you find material which appears to no longer match current database screen displays, please inform Ying Xu as soon as possible.","531":"\"Destroy me,\" said the fiend, \"and you destroy your Clara. She is not dead: but she lies in the sleep of death, into which she has been thrown by magic art, and from which no power but mine can restore her to the light of life. Yes! look at her, pale and motionless! Never will she rise from the earth, unless, within one hour, you obey my commands. I have administered to Hector and his companions the solemn fetish oath, at the sound of which every negro in Africa trembles! You know my object.\"","532":"The quest for that elusive explanation has so far defeated the best efforts of philosophers and cognitive scientists. Some are still hopefully seeking, but their efforts look increasingly quixotic; others, such as McGinn (1991) argue that the explanation may be forever beyond our reach; yet others, such as Chalmers, think that the quest has failed because the antecedent of the conditional is false, because experiences are not \"fully physical, in the traditional sense\". In chapter 2, \"The Explanatory Gap as a Cognitive Illusion,\" Tye argues that they are all barking up the wrong tree. The conditional statement itself is false. Experiences are brain states, but no explanation of how such states can have an \"inside feel\" is necessary.","533":"The Senate shall elect a chair from the Senate membership, who shall take office on the day following the close of the summer quarter. The chair shall be elected by a majority of the votes cast by secret ballot.","534":"University's administrative officers on behalf of prospective employers, a professor can safely answer questions which the professor finds clearly concerned with the student's competence and fitness for the job. But questions relating to the student's political, religious, moral, sexual, or social beliefs, opinions, or activities may jeopardize the professor-student relationship and constitute an infringement of the student's academic freedom. The University will support any professor's decision not to respond to questions which that professor considers to be of this type.","535":"She coordinated the Library web redesign project. She recently published an article on ADA issues in Library Hi Tech, and a book chapter on the similar issues in Design and Implementation of Web-Enabled Teaching Tools.","536":"Faculty members in the following categories shall not be selected to a peer review panel: 1) those who served as a member of a peer review panel in the previous year, 2) those who applied for a PSSI during the cycle being reviewed, and 3) those who served on a college review committee during the current cycle.","537":"This mission is accomplished by faculty who create and transmit knowledge in an intellectual climate that promotes free expression of ideas and values differences. We give students the opportunity to reflect on business as a global, social, and economic institution; to enhance basic skills; to master core disciplines; to learn professional practices; and to develop technological proficiencies. We reinforce and promote competency, leadership ability, and integrity.","538":"It may be objected that sensorimotor theories also fail to overcome the \"hard problem\" because they do not give an adequate account of the qualia of experience. However, this failure is different from and, I believe, complementary to, the failure of representationalism. When the two theories are appropriately combined, I believe they provide the resources for a scientifically satisfying account of consciousness that is genuinely physicalistic and non-Cartesian.","539":"On the other hand, if the distinction is allowed merely to be a matter of degree, then six-code theory cannot be decisively rejected, as no doubt there is more cohesion within each sensory mode than there is between modes, 'common sense' or no.","540":"Activities include, but are not limited to: long-range planning, curriculum development, student outreach and recruiting, program review, scheduling classes, personnel issues (e.g., recruiting\/hiring faculty and staff, evaluating staff), resource and budget allocation, development and fundraising, facility planning, and laboratory maintenance.","541":"FoundationJBead Foundation is a 501(C) 3 nonprofit corporation that offers the following services to young professionals and citizens from diverse backgrounds: financial aid, scholarships, internships, counseling services, career and employment skills development, after school and youth literacy programs, and the Urban Student Leader Institute. These services are provided to the community from a multicultural perspective based on data driven decisions. Our foundation seeks to increase the value of a young professional's college degree by bridging the gap between institutional funding and the remaining \"unmet\" financial aid need owed by the student. Our foundation seeks to expose young professionals to funding opportunities and employment programs for higher education opportunity. We also encourage self-motivation and development among students of all ethnic groups who are enrolled at accredited four (4) year colleges and universities within the United States and abroad. Our foundation further seeks to expose and share all funding opportunities and resources that exist to strengthen oneself, which in turn strengthens our communities. To overall, become a \"funding resource base\" of information for parents and students to gain higher knowledge about the college\/university admission process and the opportunities that exist.","542":"Each college shall state in writing its procedure for determining that the faculty member's years of service are meritorious. Such procedure shall include provision for formal consultation with an appropriate college committee. Once declared eligible for promotion, the faculty member remains eligible for such consideration thereafter until promoted to the rank of professor.","543":"The midterm exam and the final exam will be based on materials from the text, other assigned readings, projects, lectures, discussions, and other in-class work. Format will vary, but generally you may expect multiple choice, matching, definitions, short answers, and\/or short essays. Generally, exams cannot be made up, so plan your schedule accordingly.","544":"Administration and Finance when the applicant is a student or a recognized organization thereof; Director of Human Resources Management when the applicant is a verified employee organization; and the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs when the activity is related to the instructional program of the University. The Vice President for Administration and Finance shall be the President's designee when the applicant is not a member of the campus community.","545":"In the writing sample, controlling for the number of prior major courses in a regression equation including the transfer status variable and paper scores yielded mixed results. On the one hand, the native CSLA students and the transfer students are not significantly different in terms of scores on \"argument,\" \"expression,\" and overall evaluation of the paper. On the other hand, there are significant differences between native CSLA and transfer students on \"evidence\" and \"form\" scores (p>F=0.0417 and 0.0516 respectively). For \"evidence\" scores the regression explains over 17% of the variance. The t value for the number-of-prior-major-courses variable is 2.547 and p>0.018. For \"form\" scores the regression explains 16% of the variance. The t value for the number-of-prior-major-courses variable is 2.480 and p>0.021.","546":"In recent times, this has hardly been attempted. It has been assumed (when the issue has been considered at all) that any intentionality attaching to imagination (pretense, etc.) must be derivative from the intentionality of the propositional attitudes. On the one hand, either pretense and imagination (Nichols & Stich, 2000; White, 1990), or even imagery (Pylyshyn, 1981), are taken to be reducible to complexes of attitudes; on the other hand we are told that the intentionality of imagery can only derive from the description under which it is understood (Fodor, 1975; Tye, 1991). Such moves do not appear to be open to radical simulationism: if it is to be a naturalistic theory it will need to account for the intentionality of imagination, or of its core component, imagery, directly.","547":"Hui has been a faculty member at California State University Los Angeles since 2005. He has also taught and coached chamber music at the Boston University Tanglewood Institute and coached viola sections at the New England Conservatory and the New World Symphony.","548":"In fact, the eyes-closed results seem to show that there is little or nothing wrong with the patient's knowledge of what things look like (at least things whose appearance they learned before they began to suffer from neglect). Rather, their inability to imagine things to the left (when their eyes are open) appears to be a result of a deficit of control of visual exploratory behavior. It is only to be expected that when a patient's actual visual attention cannot be disengaged from the right-hand side of space, this will interfere not only with their ability to pay attention to actual things to the left, but also with their ability to simulate or enact paying attention to hypothetical things to the left (which, according to PA theory, is what constitutes imagining things to the left).","549":"Clinic counselors are students who are completing the requirements of the State of California's Board of Behavioral Science Examiners in preparation to be licensed as Marriage and Family Therapists.  These student counselors have completed most of their Masters level course work in Psychology and are considered to be ready to start gathering practical counseling experience, by the Psychology Department clinical faculty.  These student clinic counselors receive supervision by Psychology Department clinical faculty  who are also Licensed Psychologists in the State of California.","550":"This musical is set during Princess Elizabeth's wedding to Philip Mountbatten. A brother-sister dance team go to London to take part in the festivities, but once there, become preoccupied with romance.","551":"Define total linear momentum as sum of all linear momenta of particles. Then, sum of external forces equals time rate of change of total linear momentum. Example: force exerted on floor by an impacting, free-falling vertical rope. Integral of resultant of all external forces with respect to time equals to the corresponding change in total linear momentum.","552":"Why doesn't all this information processing go on 'in the dark', free of any inner feel? Why is it that when electromagnetic waveforms impinge on a retina and are discriminated and categorized by a visual system, this discrimination and categorization is experienced as a sensation of vivid red? (Chalmers, 1995).","553":"At the university level, new major programs, options, minor\/credential programs and certificates and resolution of unresolved challenges to curricular modifications are considered by Curriculum Subcommittee. The subcommittee submits approved proposals to the Educational Policy Committee, where the curricular actions stand approved unless questioned and agendized for further consideration.","554":"Our research in this area focuses on the social identity and perceptions of prejudice among African American women. The specific experiences of women of color have seldom been examined empirically; rather, most research on race does not explore gender, while research on gender seldom considers how it interacts with race. Yet, African American women, for example, are simultaneously members of oppressed racial and gender groups and may experience unique interactive forms of race and gender prejudice.","555":"A Report of Automobile Accident, Form 270, must be completed at the Facilities Services office immediately upon return. Regardless of how minor, it is advisable to complete the accident form for your protection and that of the University. All items, 1 through 70, are to be answered or acknowledged. The University assumes no responsibility for any passenger not on official State business, traveling in pool vehicles.","556":"Every Web page in the Web template contains these three scripts. If you do not wish to use a particular section of the menu in one or all of your pages, simply delete the line of script that calls the file you do not wish to use.","557":"Select sentences that are particularly tangled, incoherent, or erroneous in fact or concept for comment or discussion. If possible, discuss these in a one-on-one conference with the writer, or have the student discuss them with a Writing Center tutor.","558":"On parental leave. If the borrower is pregnant, caring for a newborn child, or caring for a newly adopted child, he\/she may qualify. The borrower must be unemployed, must not be a student, and must apply within six months after leaving school or dropping below half-time status.","559":"Professional, and several other titles (for a complete listing, click on the following links: Faculty, Students, Staff). Included in the testing were academic and administrative ITCs, as well as members from the ITS HelpDesk, the FITSC lab, the Career Center, and faculty. More than 50 applications used for both administration and instruction were tested for compatibility. Every faculty member using software in the Electronic Classrooms and Open Access Labs was invited to the ITS Image Development Center to test and verify that software would perform as expected.","560":"Thirty-one, including 18 of the 19 students in the upper division classes, were placed in a group that had completed 10 or more political science courses. A comparison of the two groups in terms of mean scores for the GRE overall and four subsections of the test is shown in Table 6. Significance levels are based on F values from a one way analysis of variance.","561":"The OWL at Purdue University http:\/\/owl.english.purdue.edu Probably the most comprehensive collection of writing information on the web, this site provides handouts for students and teachers as well as PowerPoint presentations and hypertext workshops.","562":"Formal rules of evidence applied in courtroom proceedings do not apply in the hearing (e.g. California Evidence Code). All information that responsible persons are accustomed to rely upon in the conduct of serious affairs including hearsay is considered. Unduly repetitive information may be excluded. The hearing officer bases his or her decision only on the information received at the hearing.","563":"Prerequisites: Completion of Basic Subjects (Block A) and one course from Block B. Current engineering practice in dealing with urban problems such as financial, transportation, pollution, communications, public utilities, land use planning and public health. Not acceptable for engineering technical elective credit.","564":"The ratio of the section is determined, and this too is appropriate. For dividing it in any ratio departs from the present conditions, e.g., into three equal angles or four or five. For it is possible to trisect the right angle by making use of a few of the things that follow, but it is impossible to trisect the acute angle without taking up other lines (271) which are of mixed species.","565":"All offices and rooms containing special equipment, such as laboratories, are designated as \"locked\" rooms. It is important that windows as well as doors be locked when these rooms are vacated. Regular classrooms which contain standard equipment and to which keys are not issued need not be locked when the instructor leaves; however, reasonable precautions should be taken to prevent wind or rain damage during inclement weather. Windows and doors should be closed and lights extinguished when a room is vacated.","566":"For if body Z is finer than D by so much as E exceeds H, A will conversely traverse the distance Z in it with its speed in as much time H, if it travels. If then there is no body in Z, it will traverse yet faster. But it went in time H. Thus in an equal time it will traverse what is full as a void. But this is impossible.","567":"Students should be aware that there are circumstances under which \"directory information\" can be released to extra-institutional parties unless a student specifically prohibits it by filing a form with the Registrar's office. (The University shall ensure that the students are notified of their right to file such a form.) Directory information as defined by FERPA includes the student's name, address, telephone listing, data and place of birth, major field of study, participation in officially recognized activities and sports, weight and height of members of athletic teams, dates of attendance, degrees and awards received, and the most recent previous educational agency or institution attended by the student. All requests for release of student \"directory information\" to extra-institutional parties shall be reviewed by the campus information officer and a determination rendered as to whether it meets FERPA requirements.","568":"If you are using this reading program as a way of generating practice writing topics for yourself, the personal response may be expanded to essay length. Choose an article that interests you or is about an issue you have strong feelings about. Do you agree or disagree with the writer, or the sources cited in the article? What do you think should be done?","569":"The University is located at the eastern edge of Los Angeles and adjacent to the western part of the San Gabriel Valley. The convenient location allows easy access by freeway and major surface streets, as well as by bus and Metrolink, from all parts of the Greater Los Angeles Area.","570":"Faculty Members. The current year's nominating committee notifies all faculty members of the award program and, through a form similar to that provided for above, invites nominations for the awards. Self nominations are acceptable. All nominations are to be transmitted to the current year's nominating committee.","571":"The development of Nuclear Physics, and its closely allied field, Particle Physics, has been a major intellectual achievement of the twentieth century. The atomic nucleus has revealed totally unexpected phenomena which the physicists of the preceding centuries had never encountered. Never before had a field of science so thoroughly captured the public's attention with a mixture of fascination and dread. The atomic nucleus has been and continues to be a laboratory where newly discovered forces and symmetries of nature are revealed. This series of lectures will explore the scientific and social\/political issues that the atomic nucleus has forced us to confront over the past century, and into the next century.","572":"The target was 3He gas at pressures from 114psi to 165psi at a temperature of 6.3K. The gas flows perpendicularly across the rastered beam (2mmX4mm) along the axis of a \"tuna can\". A funneled entrance at the bottom of the tuna can increases the target flow speed in the beam interaction region.","573":"Around us, from this typical place, we would find virtually complete blackness - empty space. Perhaps a few faint, indistinct blurs of light might be seen with the naked eye. With a telescope we could make out many more tiny specks of light - all apparently very remote - most, or perhaps all, in small groups or clusters. We pick out one such group for study and to see it better, race our space ship toward in at the speed of light.","574":"B1) Having first proved that \"if the existent does not have magnitude it would not exist,\" he infers that \"if it is, each thing must have some size and bulk, and that one part of it can be apart from another. And with regard to what there is at this stage*, the same argument follows. For that will have size and some part of it will be there at this stage*. To say this once is like saying it constantly. For there will not be some sort of limit to this, nor will one thing not be related to another [as a part]. In this way if there are many, they must be both small and large, small so as not to have size and large so as to be infinite.\"","575":"Direct analog transmission by a single multi-mode fiber is also plausible, and allows better utilization of the optical data-rate capability. Unfortunately in a homogeneous fiber waveguide, the different propagation velocities of different modes result in scrambling of the image send down the fiber.","576":"The best candidate for baryonic dark matter is white dwarf stars (or black dwarfs, equivalently); there is evidence that galaxy halos are composed of up to 50% white dwarfs. Another candidate is cold, fractal gas; there is evidence for and against gas' being a major form of dark matter. Other candidates, including brown dwarfs, jupiter-sized objects, dim\/infrared stars, neutron stars, and black holes, will be discussed, but they are probably not good choices for baryonic dark matter.","577":"Keep in mind all other environmental factors: climate, smog, trees, traffic, sources of industrial pollution, schools, barking dogs, noisy neighbors, etc. Even Google Earth can be helpful in considering traffic, commuting distances, and flood hazards.","578":"In addition to the examination questions, students were asked how many political science courses they had previously taken. They were also asked if they had taken the basic American government course, and if so where (i.e., Cal State LA, a community college). Students were also asked to identify their option in political science (i.e., general, pre-legal, public administration, or world politics) and to identify writing courses and requirements they had completed.","579":"I have also contracted to McGraw-hill publishers for exam and test bank editing, writing, and compilation . In addition, I contracted with various corporations for comprehensive training sessions, such as NBC and Northrop.","580":"In other Sunrayce developments, George Washington University, whose GW entry won the Sunrayce 97 pole position last month by turning in the best qualifying performance, withdrew from the competition at the end of Day Six. Although Sunrayce has not provided an official explanation for the team's withdrawl, reports from the route suggest that the GW blew a tire and spun out, damaging its frame.","581":"Tearing pages out of magazines, abusing computers, writing in books, etc. is not only vandalism, it hurts your fellow students. Library resources are here for everyone to use....and buying replacements is expensive.","582":"Whilst teaching in Cambridge, Hopkins was surprised when a student's protein samples failed to turn blue in the standard Adamkiewicz test. This led him to the discovery of the amino acid tryptophan, present in many, but not all, proteins, and necessary for the Adamkiewicz reaction. He found that mice fed a diet without tryptophan became sick, and, that certain other amino acids were also dietetically essential. The body needs these components to build its own proteins, but cannot make them for itself.","583":"This review is cumulative in the sense that the progress or growth of the faculty member beyond the first year is a factor in evaluation, and it is comparative in the sense that the faculty member is evaluated against the quality and effectiveness of performance of colleagues taking into account the broad range of activities in which different faculty engage.","584":"If you place a hold or a recall on an item that is checked out, you will be notified through your campus e-mail address (NIS account) and regular mail when the book is returned. While it is usually quicker and easier to place a hold online, you can also request one in person at the Loan Desk for books you cannot find in the stacks. After you receive your e-mail notice, you can come to the Loan Desk (1st floor, Library North) and pick up the item you requested.","585":"Most instructors do not require a text for this course. However, the instructor will expect students to have access to a college-level dictionary and a standard grammar and style handbook, and some assignments may require reading in magazines and newspapers.","586":"Calculation of normal and shear stresses on rectangular element on perimeter of cross section. Stresses due to each stress resultant are computed separately, and then summed keeping in mind conventions for positive directions.","587":"The approved prospectus and the College GS-12 Form listing the names of the members of the Thesis Committee must be submitted to the Department Office. The Department Chair will only approve the College GS-12 Form when an approved prospectus has been submitted.","588":"Permission to Validate Expired Courses must be completed and approved by the department graduate advisor, the department chair, the chair of the college Graduate Council and the Associate Dean. In the process of completing the form, the student makes arrangements with the individual instructors to validate the relevant courses, and states in the petition how the course is to be validated. Individual instructors will determine if the exact means of validation are oral or written examinations, or if some other method will be used.","589":"On Tuesday of each week, you will submit a reflective journal specific to the readings assigned for that week. A maximum of 10 points will be awarded each entry based on the extent to which the readings are reflected in the entry, indications that you have integrated new information with previous knowledge, and new insights gleaned from the process. These journals are not intended to reflect your personal opinions and feelings regarding the content, but rather they should reflect your intellectual curiosity, discoveries, queries, and associations.","590":"Examine the aqua frame on the left headed with the word \"Child and Family Studies.\" Note that there are 7 databases listed in the Journal Articles - Primary section. Click on each of these seven links and read the descriptions given for each database in the main CONTENT area.","591":"The grand mean (a term used by the software VARCL for the effect of the intercept) in equation (2) is , while    (the macro-error term) measures the deviation of the intercept of each context from this overall or grand mean.  The same is true in equation (3) where the grand slope estimate across all contexts is , while    represents the deviation of the slope within each context from the overall slope.  For the gammaUs the subscripts are defined as follows: the first index is the number of the variable at the micro level, the second represents the number of the variable at the macro level.","592":"Administration of the Center. The administration of the center is the responsibility of a executive director reporting to the Vice President for Student Affairs. In addition, an Advisory Committee serves for regular consultation by the coordinator.","593":"Youth have a 6 month period to complete sentence (community service, counseling, etc.) not transferred back into traditional JJS if completed successfully. Could be charged with violation of Probation in addition to the original charge.","594":"Microsoft Word 2003 is a word processing program that offers a range of options for creating documents using text, graphics, tables, and other functions in an easy-to-use format. This workbook is divided into six parts.","595":"Most of the uninsured are in families where at least one adult works. 62% of the uninsured are in families where an adult works full-time all year. Only 13% of the children who are uninsured have no working adult in their family.","596":"Click on earthquakes in the left column. Scroll down and click on the words seismic hazard mapping program. Click on Quick View\/Download PDF Maps and then on the words Go to Southern California. Green areas on this map are subject to soil liquefaction and more severe shaking during earthquakes.","597":"As a faculty member and department chair I was heavily involved in advisement, serving as the Department Principal Adviser for three years. This involvement included an opportunity to participate in the Cal State L.A. F.A.M.E.S (Faculty Advisement and Mentoring for Ethnic Students) Program.","598":"I THOUGHT THAT anything would be better than my early morning Spanish class, but I realized I was wrong on that day two years ago when a campus police officer pulled me out of class to inform me that an FBI agent was waiting for me at my dormitory room.","599":"Each year a five-person committee especially elected from the full and part-time faculty in each college and the Library shall constitute these college level MPPPA Committees. The election shall be subject to campus rules regarding alternates and numbers of names on the ballot. The five member committee shall include no more than one representative from each department\/division\/school. The College of Engineering and Technology shall select a member from each department and one member-at-large. The Library shall elect five members-at-large. Members of these committees are not eligible to receive this award. Each award committee shall elect a chair. The chairs of these committees shall constitute the University-wide MPPPA Committee to make a recommendation to the President on applications on which the college committee and college dean, or appropriate administrator, do not agree. All members of the college committees shall be in Unit 3. The college MPPPA committees shall be constituted after the close of applications for the MPPP awards.","600":"Through the work of a highly quali6ed professional staff and a well trained and involved faculty leadership, CFA provides assistance to lecturers questioning the results of their employment evaluations or other employment matters. Contract grievances, concluding with binding arbitration, offer the guarantee of due process when challenging a denial of rights under the contract.","601":"Limitation. A retired faculty member may serve without reinstatement from retirement for a total of 90 days or 50% of the hours the faculty member was employed during the last fiscal year of service prior to retirement. A permanent academic year teaching employee whose last year of service was as a full-time faculty member could be employed for up to 22 1\/2 units in a fiscal year. A twelve month academic employee whose last year was full time could be employed to teach for up to 30 units in a fiscal year.","602":"There is no guarantee that these are still active companies. I have deleted ones that I know for sure no longer exist. Please advise me if you find other defunct companies or newer contact info. Be sure to ask the company or lab whether it uses any nucleic acid based techniques.","603":"General meetings of the faculty may be called at the request of the President or at the request of the Chair of the Academic Senate, or by a petition signed by ten percent of the members of the faculty currently in residence.","604":"Student assistants should not have direct access to student, faculty, or staff data, nor should they have a password to access confidential data systems. If pre-approved, some students may assist with data input if a designated supervisor signs them onto the necessary system. Students may not remove any printed information from any department office without authorization from their immediate supervisor. Only authorized individuals may view confidential data, so everyone must try to safeguard confidential information on desks, copiers, and printers from the sight of others.","605":"Therefore triangle ABG is equilateral and is constructed on the given finite straight-line AB[. Therefore on the given finite straight-line an equilateral triangle is constructed], just what it was required to do.","606":"Dictionaries are an important resource, but many people overuse them. In general, looking up words in a dictionary disrupts your natural reading process. When reading, you should look up a word only when you can't make sense of the article without it.","607":"These sources are accessed through a computer network or the Internet (World Wide Web).  Also on-line information continually changes and is updated and revised as new information becomes available. Therefore, it is important to cite that something was accessed via on-line and provide the date accessed.","608":"Creating a database: table, query, form and report with Microsoft Office Access. Student will create a database with 20 or more records, containing first name, last name, telephone numbers and addresses. Then will print a report sort in alphabetical order and containing only the requested fields and records.","609":"Web based readings are fine and encouraged, but perhaps a third to half of your students will have trouble accessing anything but the simplest web site. Be prepared to help them before or after class.","610":"All of the articles will have a literature review in the beginning of the article; this is where they cite other sources that relate to their study. You should read this information for background information and other sources you may want to consult, BUT you should not be using this material for your notes. If there is something important in the literature review section that you want to use in your paper, you MUST locate that reference.","611":"Some 300-500 million tons of heavy metals, solvents, toxic sludge, and other wastes accumulate each year from industry.In developing countries, 70% of industrial wastes are dumped untreated into waters where they pollute the usable water supply.","612":"And speaking of awards, our students and faculty continue to shine and their work is recognized in all sorts of venues, from the CSU student research competitions all the way to faculty members winning Oscar\u2122\tand Emmy\u2122        awards! Our alumni are highly accomplished and pursue diverse fields\u2014from practicing law to producing major motion pictures, from careers in opera to local television studios, from public relations to web design, from\tteaching kindergarten to doctoral students.","613":"In addition to echoing the main idea, a conclusion should also create a feeling of ending, a farewell to the reader. The conclusion might pose a question for future study, offer advice, or propose a course of action. To end an essay detailing the social skills required of a bartender, one writer concludes with some advice: \"If someone were to approach me one day looking for the secret to running a good bar, I suppose I would offer the following advice: Get your customers to pour out their ideas at a greater rate than you pour out the liquor.  You will both win in the end.\"","614":"The California Pre-Doctoral Program is a CSU systemwide program designed to increase the diversity of the pool of potential faculty by supporting the doctoral aspirations of diverse CSU students. Applications are accepted from all students.","615":"Furthermore, particle colliders around the world are being upgraded to higher energies to assist with the search for massive CDM particles. This paper has ended with an application of dark matter-- if dark matter is considered to be a quantum liquid, then quantum vortices form in pre-galaxies. These vortices can explain why young elliptical galaxies have a higher star formation rate than young spirals do.","616":"Prelaw students emphasize evaluative processes, and study in more detail contemporary methods and currents in ethics, political, and legal philosophy. The Department has not set knowledge outcomes for the interdisciplinary section of the Prelaw Option, since students\u2019 programs are tailored to their various specific needs and interests.","617":"Reserves makes assigned course readings available to students for shortloan periods (1 hour, 1 day, 2 days, or 7 days). Materials on reserve may include: CSULA  regular circulating books; faculty personal copies of books and other  course-related material; selected government publications; and copies  of articles photocopied in adherence to the United States Copyright Law.","618":"Describe a situation in your life when you had difficulty making a particular choice. Examples may include deciding which college to attend, which automobile to purchase, what to buy as a gift for a special gift, etc.","619":"Test the form mailer by filling out and submitting the web form to make sure that it works properly ** If you should run into any problems during or after the installation of this script, please consult the script documentation for assistance. This script is being provided to you AS IS.","620":"Travel to meetings during the summer or between quarters is preferred to travel during an academic quarter. There is an opportunity cost: if you are traveling, you are not on campus keeping up with your classes. In any event, you are responsible for high academic achievement. Because of the time demands, travel during an academic quarter by any student with less than a GPA of 3.0 is discouraged.","621":"U.S. Marshall Rooster Cogburn is hired by a 14-year-old girl to kill the man who murdered her father and stole the family nest egg. She accepts the help of a Texas Ranger, who is intent on the reward, and accompanies them on the quest.","622":"Calculate the cumulative effect of integrating the resultant force acting on a particle with respect to time. Linear momentum is the product of mass and velocity. Integral of force with respect to time is linear impulse. Integration of Newton's second law gives: linear impulse equals corresponding change in linear momentum. Graphical representation: initial momentum plus impulse equals final momentum. Example: impulsive motion, impact and ricochet of a bullet off a steel plate.","623":"Specific rules and procedures for reporting charges of sexual harassment and for pursuing available remedies are available in the following locations: Office of Human Resource Management; Office for Equity and Diversity; Office of the Vice President for Student Affairs; University Counseling Center; and Women's Resource Center.","624":"There wasn't just one agent in my dorm room but a team. One stood at the door while another wheeled my computer out on a cart. One wearing a rubber glove dug through my trash while another sorted through my closet.","625":"Furthermore, on the basis of this sort of awareness, dual coding can account for how we are able to think in a deliberate, directed way, how we are able to keep our thoughts on the subject and 'manipulate' our representations.","626":"In reality (journals frequently being well behind with their publication schedule) this appeared in print after the 2003 publication of the Encyclopedia of Cognitive Science, so it was cited as \"in press\" in the version published in the encyclopedia. Pylyshyn's reply to the BBS commentators is also well worth reading (as are many of the commentaries). My own commentary on Pylyshyn's target article is also available.","627":"Prerequisites or Co-requisites: Intro. to Multimedia Web Development and Designing Multimedia\/Web or consent of instructor. Students learn how to use digitized video and audio for playback on the computer using QuickTime, Windows Media Player and Real Networks. Topics include digital video and audio capture, playback, file conversion and multimedia\/web usage.","628":"Private Network to study the latest developments in virtual private networking. In this case, the functional features of VPN can be described and demonstrated. The groups that choose this approach must give a demonstration during the presentation of their project. .","629":"One member from each college elected for staggered three-year terms according to procedures approved by a majority vote of the college faculty. Alternate members shall also be elected by these procedures. Faculty members in the Administration, Library and Student Affairs are considered a college for this purpose.","630":"Infrastructure Program of NSF under grant# ECS-9413705. This three year project which was extended to four years in the 1996-97 academic year, culminated by the end of August 1998 in the creation of a first rate research facility for conducting R&D in the general areas of sensory applications of fiber optics and optical information processing. Many undergraduate and graduate students have already benefited greatly from their experience in this laboratory throughout its development phase, many of whom are already employed and working in the industry.","631":"From the moment she glimpses her idol at the stage door, Eve Harrington moves relentlessly towards her goal: taking the reins of power from the great actress Margo Channing. The cunning Eve maneuvers her way into Margo's Broadway role, becomes a sensation and even causes turmoil in the lives of Margo's director boyfriend, her playwright and his wife. Only the cynical drama critics see through Eve, admiring her audacity and perfect pattern of deceit. Based on a short story, Wisdom of Eve, by Mary Orr.","632":"You can't graduate without a \"grad check\" (that is, completion of  all coursework and graduation requirements are not enough) and you can't get a grad check without an advisor. All the more reason to forge a relationship early on with one of the faculty who knows you, knows your program, and can help you jump through the hoops.","633":"Sociological analysis of print and electronic mass media of communications; examination of their functions, sociocultural evolution, organizational\/occupational bases, cultural content, audiences; consideration of individual, collective effects on public opinion.","634":"Canada. A variety of microsimulation models are used in several Canadian federal departments; Statistics Canada has developed and provides several such microsimulations to interested users free. For more information, see: http:\/\/www.statcan.ca\/english\/spsd\/index.htm.","635":"Currently the Western Alliance provides schools with a variety of services. While our belief is that any meaningful change will come about through any schools own democratic commitment to a long-term process of reflection and renewal, our assistance may be helpful in those efforts. We recommend that schools make a substantive and systemic effort. We do provide stand-alone presentations to administration and faculty, but lasting improvement will likely require developing an internal leadership structure and steering team. We can assist in the forming and training of that leadership team. A very critical component of any change effort is that of assessment. We have developed a very extensive system of assessment that can be used by the steering team and\/or the consultant team.","636":"Americans, American Indians, Hispanics\/Latinos, Pacific Islanders, and others-whose participation in leadership positions in science is disproportionately low. These large and growing populations are a mostly untapped source of additional intellectual talent for the solution of biomedical and behavioral research problems.","637":"After the sixth week of the quarter, dropping a course requires in addition the Dean's signature and is \"permitted only when the cause of withdrawal (such as accident or serious illness) is clearly beyond the student's control and assignment of an IN (incomplete grade) is not practicable. Ordinarily, such withdrawals  also involve total withdrawal from the University...\"","638":"Articles ordered through Document Delivery are faxed to the requestor within 48 hours. If you do not have access to a home fax, you are invited to use the Library's fax machine; in that case you will need to come to the Library to pick up your article. Only faculty and graduate students are eligible for this service.","639":"To administrate grants and contracts to comply with the various agencies' regulations and support the development of funding opportunities for research, creative and scholarly activities, training, and public service.","640":"Innovative use of computers and computer methods, textbooks, and original teaching or testing materials which are adopted for professional and\/or instructional use outside the faculty member's department\/division\/school.","641":"We would like to thank you for agreeing to take part in this examination of the pilot version of the WASSC assessment protocol and analytic-trait instrument.  We hope that your involvement provides an opportunity for you to meaningfully explore the climate at your school and generate some ideas for possible directions for future school improvement efforts. For the purposes of this research, we ask that you adhere to the following guidelines as you take part in this effort.","642":"It allows for storing, organizing, searching, and sorting large amounts of data. Access has features such as forms and reports with allow for different methods of data presentation. The workbook has been divided into six parts.","643":"In this light, I would like to mention two papers that strayed somewhat from the dominant theme and approach, but which I found of particular interest. Amy Ione's poster presentation 'Implicit Cognition and Consciousness in Scientific Speculation and Development,' was unusual in its attempt to set current discussions of consciousness in historical context. Considerations of the views of Baars, Chalmers, and Stapp were interwoven with an account of the pre-classical roots of our conceptions of truth, and set off against examples of imaginative insight -- reconfigurations of conscious experience -- from the history of science. I am not sure that the end result was entirely successful, but the attempt is exemplary. Like any 'frontier science', consciousness studies currently needs more to get a clear grasp of the problem situation, to ask the right questions, than to grab at quick answers. But this problem situation, especially our deeply contested understanding of the term 'consciousness', and perhaps even some aspects of our actual self experience (if authors like Jaynes, Snell, or Dennett are at all to be believed), is very much historically conditioned, and is unlikely to be clarified without the sort of historical perspective that Ione is attempting to introduce into the field.","644":"This equation uses the GPA in English 101 as an indicator for \"entry level essay scores and test scores.\" Comparing this equation with equation 1 in Table 8 reveals that this test produces little change in the relationships between GRE scores and the two main independent variables: GPA and the number-of-prior-major-courses variable. Both relationships remain statistically significant, but the English 101 GPA variable is not significant.","645":"This course creates a better understanding of the oceanic environment that is so close to Cal State LA students. Faculty work to increase your basic knowledge of the ocean so that travel along the California coast will be more meaningful. The pleasure you take from sports such as diving, surfing, swimming, fishing, and just going to the beach will be enhanced by this course.","646":"Refer to question 9 on this page for more information about eligible electives. Once you receive notification from the university that your transcripts have been evaluated, then make an appointment with the advisor.","647":"Overview. The Center for Korean-American and Korean Studies (CKAKS) is dedicated to serving as a focal point of Korean American and Korean studies in the Los Angeles area. It was originally established to coordinate studies on Korean culture and tradition, to compile data on the Korean-American community and its activities, to systematically analyze and document the achievements and problems of the Korean-American community, and to develop bi-cultural curriculum materials on Koreans and Korean cultural traditions. More specifically, CKAKS' main objectives have been to promote, coordinate, and conduct research and publication activities related to Korean-American and Korean studies; to sponsor conferences, seminars, symposia and exhibits; and to serve as a cultural resource and research center for the local community. Since the Center's establishment in 1979, all these objectives have been achieved.","648":"National Council of La Raza The National Council of La Raza (NCLR) is a private, nonprofit, nonpartisan, tax-exempt organization established in 1968 to reduce poverty and discrimination and improve life opportunities for Hispanic Americans. NCLR strengthens these efforts with public information and media activities and special and international projects. These include innovative projects, catalytic efforts, formation of and participation in coalitions, and other special activities which use the NCLR structure and credibility to create other entities or projects which are important to the Hispanic community and can sometimes be \"spun off\" as independent entities. NCLR is the largest constituency-based national Hispanic organization, serving all Hispanic nationality groups in all regions of the country.","649":"Group is the world's leading independent advisor to business professionals making information technology (IT) decisions. Concise, actionable advice saves you time, money and resources while increasing your success. With more than 200 analysts in 58 locations worldwide, Gartner Group is the most comprehensive resource for the trends and dynamics shaping the volatile IT industry.","650":"California State University offers three types of jazz performance opportunities as a part of the Bachelor's and Master's degree programs. Select the following links to learn more about the ensembles.","651":"Level pages and is available through the University's main Web server. The First Level footer provides visitors with the University's List of Common Links, the date the Web page was last modified, and a link to contact the Page Author.","652":"Although not required for a baccalaureate, minors are available in many fields that will help strengthen the student's preparation in areas related to their major field or to career choices. A minor may not be taken in the same subject as the major. A minor consists of a formal aggregate of courses totaling 18 or more units. At least 12 units must be upper division and taken in residence at Cal State L.A. A minimum C (2.0) average is required on all courses taken to complete the minor program. The minor field will be noted on the student's transcript if the individual program has been approved by the offering department\/division\/school and is completed at the same time as the work for the degree itself. Interested students should consult an adviser in the department\/division\/school offering the minor of their choice.","653":"It is of course extremely difficult to separate completely in introspection the direct content from the idea. The difficulty is especially great if we do not understand what the direct content really is. Hence we need not be puzzled by the fact that the direct content has been described in conventional psychology as possessing the modality, and possibly other characteristics, of the idea. (Dunlap, 1914, p. 36).","654":"The number of classes of neutrinos is not only important for discussing the contribution to W, but also Big Bang nucleosynthesis, since many parameters influencing reaction rates depend on the total number of species present. If there were four or five neutrinos, the helium abundance would be greater than 25% (See Figures 10 and 12: If there were four neutrinos, helium's mass abundance would be around 27%; if there were only two types, it would be around 22-24%.) Our calculated abundances of primordial helium suggest that are only three types of neutrinos, putting a restriction on the neutrino's contribution to W.","655":"Summer, 2003, to strengthen the teaching in signal processing areas at CSULA and to support my research in Signal Processing. The laboratory is sponsored by National Instruments based in Austin, TX, and more details are available in the home page of the laboratory.","656":"Request for Property Survey: When equipment is no longer needed by a department, is worn out, or stolen, a Request for Property Survey Form must be completed and sent to the Office of Property Management. The Property Office will schedule a time for the equipment to be picked up from the requesting department.","657":"Naj Tunich, by the presence of two distance numbers among the original inscriptions. Distance numbers instruct a reader to count forward or backward from a specified date which is usually an ending of an important period in the long count system and therefore is a date known to archaeologists. Both of the Naj Tunich distance numbers refer to a period ending in A.D. 741 and an assumption was made that all other Naj Tunich Calendar Round dates fell into the same round [3]. The weakness of this assumption was demonstrated in 1988 when a newly discovered branch of the cave was found to contain a text with a distance number dating to the preceding round. At the very least, all of the dates should have been computed for both rounds, but even this would not address the possibility that some of the dates may belong to an even earlier round.","658":"The academic programs in philosophy are intended to engage students in philosophical inquiry. They aim to acquaint students with noteworthy contributions by philosophers to intellectual traditions; to explore various philosophical issues, problems, and questions; to provide students with principles of inquiry and evaluation relevant to the many areas of human activity, such as science, law, religion, education, government, art, and the humanities; to develop in them skills of analysis, criticism, and synthesis needed for advanced work in various scholarly fields; to encourage the development of skills and attitudes leading to self-reflection and life-long learning.","659":"Introduce kinetic energy and generalized force. Extract from fundamental equation Lagrange's equations. The case when generalized forces are conservative. The Lagrangian function. Inclusion of conservative and nonconserbative generalized forces in Lagrange's equations.","660":"In the writing sample, controlling for the number of prior major courses in a regression equation including the transfer status variable and paper scores yielded mixed results. On the one hand, the native CSLA students and the transfer students are not significantly different in terms of scores on \"argument,\" \"expression,\" and overall evaluation of the paper. On the other hand, there are significant differences between native CSLA and transfer students on \"evidence\" and \"form\" scores (p>F=0.0417 and 0.0516 respectively). For \"evidence\" scores the regression explains over 17% of the variance. The t value for the number-of-prior-major-courses variable is 2.547 and p>0.018. For \"form\" scores the regression explains 16% of the variance. The t value for the number-of-prior-major-courses variable is 2.480 and p>0.021.","661":"It is the duty of the department\/division chair or school director to counsel faculty members concerning the factors that add strength or affect status. It is the right of every faculty member to request such counsel at any time. The first counseling of new faculty members shall be undertaken at the department\/division chair's or school director's initiative, and must include but not be limited to verification that the faculty member has received a copy of the current Faculty Handbook and understands its purpose; verbal orientation to the department\/division\/school, college, and University as deemed appropriate; and answers to questions raised by the new faculty member.","662":"The Library strives to collect the monographs authored or edited by CSULA faculty. If you have a new book being published, or if the Library is lacking an earlier one, please send a message to Book Request (donations are always welcome). We also encourage campus departments and programs to donate copies of their publications, such as newsletters and journals, to the Library.","663":"Xu in 1999. Every effort has been made to keep this tutorial accurate and current; however, you may find errors and some parts may become dated by new developments. If you do find errors, or if you find material which appears to no longer match current database screen displays, please inform Ying Xu as soon as possible.","664":"MARC-U*STAR Students usually work full time (40 hours per week) during the summer (or during their quarter off) when they have no class commitments, and some 15 hours per week during the academic year. You need to communicate with your research director so that his\/her expectations for your participation in research are clear.","665":"State requires that a minimum of 1,500 hours be acquired after receipt of the Master's Degree with an option in Marriage and Family Therapy.  Further, no credit can be given for experience gathered prior to enrollment in an acceptable educational program.  Additionally, the State requires that the total 3,000 hours of acceptable supervised experience may not be accrued in less than 104 weeks (two complete years).","666":"Hi to you and your guests. My name is Jazz (Mom liked jazz music). I recently got into the web site promotion business. Are you interested in some online marketing help with your site. I do search engine optimization, keyword marketing research, and pay per click management. In short, internet advertising. If interested, email me at delgato2002@hotmail.com.","667":"In multi-section courses and labs, students should be allowed to place their names on waiting lists of sections they could attend. Indication of duplication shall appear on the list so that total waiting count is not inflated.","668":"Although this policy focuses on the treatment of persons lacking or holding lesser authority by persons possessing greater authority, it does not preclude the possibility that sexual harassment may also be perpetrated by persons lacking or holding lesser authority, e.g., employee, student, or applicant. In determining whether conduct constitutes sexual harassment, the circumstances surrounding the conduct are considered.","669":"The two Virtual Dating activities model the theory and processes whereby ages of older rocks (>100 million years) are determined and how the C-14 method is used to age-date once-living materials that are prehistorical.","670":"Swing out the left and right lamps and rise and adjust the camera lens before use. Controls on the front include pause, zoom in, and zoom  out buttons. In addition to displaying traditional transparencies, this device can display any three dimensional object. To display what is  on the Document Camera, press the button labeled Comp2\/YCbCr from the Multimedia Projector remote control.","671":"A maximum of 8 units in a related field may be included with prior advisor consent. Total must include 6 units of ANTH 599 along with 12 units of electives if thesis option is selected. Total must include 18 units of electives if comprehensive exam option is selected.","672":"A) and one course from Block D. Examination of: Research on changing roles of men and women across social institutions; social movements for equality; theories of gender role differentiation; historical, cross-cultural, and racial\/ethnic\/class variations. No credit toward sociology majors.","673":"Departments\/divisions and schools shall develop policies for regular classroom observations of temporary faculty, which shall specify the frequency of these observations and the procedures to be followed.","674":"The Center for Effective Teaching and Learning was created to help fulfill the commitment of California State University, Los Angeles to assist and to promote excellence in teaching which leads to successful and meaningful learning. Through the development of an optimal learning environment, the University affords students an equal opportunity to succeed regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, disability, or culture. By pursuing research, development, and dissemination of new teaching modes and instructional technology, the Center contributes to the retention and success of students.","675":"All of these efforts center on the collaboration of classroom faculty and library faculty members to best meet the needs of the students and ensure the development of their information literacy skills.","676":"The cumulative score on which the letter grade is computed for the course will be based on 50% contribution from the lecture component and 50% contribution from the lab component expressed as follows.","677":"You are expected to attend class regularly, complete the required reading assignments by the scheduled class meeting, and complete assignments on time. If you know in advance that you will be absent, please make arrangements to turn your work in early. Work that is to be completed outside of class will not be accepted late. If you miss a class in which an in-class exercise was completed, you will NOT be allowed to make-up the exercise, however one exercise will not count toward the final grade.","678":"This is not Paivio's view50. (A related view, proposed by Marschark and others51, is that both the imagery and the verbal representations which we consciously experience are produced from long term memory representations in a more basic, underlying 'propositional' code.","679":"For a full understanding of the PANIC criteria, that supposedly set conscious mental representations apart from the non-conscious herd, you will need to turn to Tye's earlier (1995) account. They are briefly explained in chapter 3, but the main focus of this keystone chapter is on two positive, and I think powerful, arguments for representationalism: Tye argues that it provides the only plausible account both of the intentionality of phenomenal discourse, and of the widely acknowledged transparency of consciousness: the way the qualities of perceptual experience seem to belong not to experience itself, but to the objects being perceived. Tye's view, as I understand it, is that experience seems this way because it is this way: the quality of greenness we experience when we look at, say, grass, exists not in our minds but in the grass itself, and to experience green is to mentally represent (in a PANICy way) the greenness that is out there.","680":"Project SEED Scholars are integrated into active research groups under the direction of chemistry and biochemistry faculty members at Cal State LA. The student selects his\/her research adviser from among the faculty members in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, and the nature and scope of the research project is arranged to suit the student's level and interests through consultation between the adviser and the student. The SEED Scholar's participation in research will be full-time during the eight-week summer. The major benefit to the SEED Scholar is the career enhancement experienced by participation in an active research group while the student is still in high school, an opportunity uncommon at most universities. The Project SEED Scholars will be in a position to interact with the best science faculty and students at the University.","681":"Simulation substitutes for the real thing.  We concentrate on a technique called Monte Carlo simulation, which brings the computer equivalent of rolling the dice to a great variety of situations.  Common applications are scheduling, process flow, and market reactions.","682":"Hypothesis 1: \"Seniors in the major will have higher scores on their writing sample than entry level students, even when controlling for variables such as GPA and the grade in the English writing class that is prerequisite to political science writing classes.\"","683":"Materials that can sustain large strains before fracture are called ductile; those that can sustain only small strains are called brittle. Ductile material examples: steel, aluminum. Brittle material examples: ceramics, cast iron, concrete, glass, some metallic alloys.","684":"The MARC program also requires that prior to graduation you write an honors thesis describing the research you have done under MARC auspices. This thesis will be presented and defended before a panel of faculty. Most departmental honors programs also have a thesis requirement, and your MARC thesis will meet this departmental requirement.","685":"In order to keep you all better informed and up-to-date, myself and another team member are currently working on a monthly newsletter which will feature progress reports and pictures.  Our hope is that this will enable all of us to be on the same page all the time.","686":"The college file shall be the official and complete personnel file. Each college shall establish detailed plans for preserving the security and integrity of the personnel files, which shall include but not be limited to controlled access to locked files, situations under which the files leave campus, the transportation of files, and notification to the faculty member when the files are transported.","687":"COMM 150. Exposure to key communication skills encountered in civil engineering practice. Integration of oral and written communication skills centered around a civil engineering design project. Individual and team assignments. Lecture 2 hours, laboratory 3 hours.","688":"Concomitant with this right of confidentiality is the obligation of all parties to refrain from any discussions of these issues regarding cheating or plagiarism outside of the informal and formal conferences and meetings as outlined elsewhere in this document, except in any subsequent legal action. Violations of this principle of confidentiality are themselves subject to university disciplinary action.","689":"As noted above, 66 students in required political science classes at both the lower and upper division level took a sample GRE political science test in fall, 1998. Only the first 28 of the 37 questions on the sample test were used. The GRE scores are presented in \"raw score form,\" that is, as the number of questions that the student answered correctly. The authors also divided the 28 test questions into subsections of American politics, international relations, comparative politics, and political theory. Raw scores were then calculated for each subsection.","690":"The imagery in these experiments was generated in response to verbal descriptions of naturalistic scenes, and must surely have been relatively complex and detailed. Demarais & Cohen (1998) studied eye movements made whilst subjects solved transitive inference (\"n-term series\") reasoning problems involving such tasks as the following (concerning an arrangement of items on imaginary kitchen shelves): \"A jar of pickles is below a box of tea bags; the jar of pickles is above a can of coffee; where's the can of coffee?\"","691":"These last two equations in bold are what we need to get the ee'p cross sections. Once we have chosen a set of elastic data the factor L(rn2) is simply proportional to the number of counts seen by spec C, N(rn2,C,inel).","692":"Stategic Planning is a process that leads to decisions about how to bring about necessary changes in an institution based on institutional priorities. At Cal State L.A. we have been engaged in strategic planning for a dozen years. However, nothing much ever seemed to change.","693":"The connection between writing and understanding is the foundation for a category of writing assignments called \"Writing- to-Learn.\" These assignments include different types of journals and notebooks, correspondence, problem-solving, question-posing, freewriting, lecture and reading summaries, expressive and exploratory writing.","694":"Blue Web'n is a searchable database of outstanding Internet learning sites categorized by subject area, audience, and type (lessons, activities, projects, resources, references, & tools). There is a review process of the materials chosen to include on this site.","695":"Response papers may explore any aspect of a text that strikes you as interesting or puzzling, contrast the current week's reading with one read earlier in the quarter, choose a passage of the text to close-read, or raise questions that you would like to develop in a final paper or to discuss in class. Because these papers are designed as warm-up for class discussion, they must examine the text assigned for the day on which they are due (rather than the previous week's); for the same reason, extensions will not be given on response papers under any circumstances.","696":"A) and one course from Block D. Social-psychological approaches to socialization, comparing stages of development during adulthood and aging; emphasis on changes in family relationships, work, retirement; issues of social control and change; ethnic and cross-cultural comparisons.","697":"For the speeds of the motions must be in this ratio. How will it be possible to have them arrive together if they use undetermined speeds, unless it happens by sheer luck? How wouldn't this be absurd?","698":"To indicate that you are using a source's exact phrases or sentences, you need to enclose them in quotation marks unless they have been set off from the text by indenting. (This is done when a quotation is more than 30 words long.)  To omit the quotation marks gives the reader the impression that the words or ideas are yours.","699":"The calendar for retention, tenure and promotion is prescribed by the Agreement which specifies the time of the notification of the presidential decision. Annually in the summer quarter the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs shall publish the deadlines for the next review cycle. The deans in turn shall publish college deadlines.","700":"To sum up, I think that the films I have held closest to my heart both as an ordinary filmgoer and as a working film critic are those that have come to grips with the changing society in which they arise and with human dilemmas, confrontations and resolutions that resonate most strongly with audiences.   I rest my case, and run for cover.","701":"Part-time faculty members who hold employment outside the University and the CSU system may not be employed by the University in such a way as to exceed a total time base of 125 percent. This means that a faculty member employed full time outside the CSU system may be employed no more than one-fourth time here, or if employed three-fourths time elsewhere may be employed no more than half time here. The rate is computed on the basis of teaching units, with each 4-unit assignment equaling 25 percent. It follows that no faculty member who is employed full time outside the CSU system may be assigned more than one 4-unit class here.","702":"In late October 2000, there were 611 results retrieved. What we have retrieved is a very large set that has only this one thing in common: each record contains the word \"motivation\" and the word \"preschool.\" This does not mean that all these books are about motivation of preschool children. In fact, probably only a small percentage of these books are about this topic; they just happen to have these two words located somewhere in their descriptions.","703":"An alternate member shall serve only in the absence of the regular member, and shall serve for the complete hearing of a grievance. The regular appointee shall not hear any part of a grievance for which the alternate is serving. b. Panels.","704":"Emptying the disk and memory cache on your local computer and then reloading the web page will almost always take care of the problem (consult your browser's online help for the specific details on how to empty the cache).","705":"The Seven Year Rule - No credit is allowed for courses completed more than seven years before the date the master's degree is to be granted. Courses more than seven years old must be repeated, replaced, or validated. Validation by special exam is permitted rarely and only when extraordinary circumstances provide justification for approval by the Department chair, School graduate studies subcommittee, and School dean. An expired course taken at another institution may not be validated by exam.","706":"The following Guiding Principles have been developed, based on best assessment practices, to steer the direction, development, and implementation of the assessment plan. These principles should guide the assessment of student learning outcomes for the General Education program at California State University\/Los Angeles.","707":"Many books have the same titles, and in some areas, there are multiple editions, etc. If you don't have the ISBN, you can get it from the book itself or from www.amazon.com or www.barnesandnoble.com (ask Prof. Anagnoson for advice on using these sources if you have not used them yourself).","708":"A candidate must register in Comprehensive Examination (GEOL 596) for the quarter in which an exam is desired. A receipt must be presented to the Department chair verifying payment of the comprehensive exam fee no later than the add deadline of the quarter in which the exam is to be taken. The candidate must notify the graduate adviser in writing before the end of the second week of the quarter that a comprehensive exam is desired. The graduate adviser will notify the College dean that an exam will be scheduled.","709":"The articles assigned in the class schedule are for discussion.   Do not use these for written summaries, but note that they are articles of the type you should summarize.  With your summary include your name, a full citation, and a copy of the article.  I may retain the copy.","710":"Secondly, the field study for both education and administration majors are offered under NURS 595. There are two sections: one for the education majors (1 Unit) and one for the administration majors (3 Units). You should sign up for the appropriate section.","711":"No master's degree credit is allowed for directed teaching, 700 or 800-level courses, courses numbered below 400, or courses taken at another accredited institution that would not be accepted toward a master's degree at that institution.","712":"The educational performance of practitioner public administration faculty will be reviewed in the same manner as the educational performance of all other faculty. Grading practices of all part-time faculty will be reviewed in the same manner as tenure-track faculty.","713":"The Los Angeles Basin was once the largest oil producing region in the world. Our energy hungry urban areas now import energy from other areas. Energy importation often has the effect of turning on the lights in Los Angeles while making air pollution in Utah. The past development of energy resources and the future of our supplies will be an important subject in this course.","714":"Normally, when a page contains static information, this works wonderfully. However, while you are developing a page, the changes may not appear when you try to view it in the browser. For a more long-term solution, you may want to set the preferences on your web browser so that it compares the cached file to the live file on the web every time a page is called.","715":"Cite all information from the sources used (e.g. quotations, paraphrases, summaries, opinions, judgments, or theories of others, and information from tables, graphs, or charts). Failure to do so may result in accusations of plagiarism.","716":"Director of the FEAC Institute \u2013 an organization for the education and certification of enterprise architects in the Federal Enterprise Architecture and Department of Defense Architecture Frameworks for federal and state agencies, the DoD and their contractors.","717":"The drawback is the possibility of accidentally filtering out e-mails you may want. For example, a friend of yours may want to tell you of a \"special promotion\" or about sending \"money back\" to you. Both items may be of interest to you, however Outlook may inadvertently move them to the junk folder.","718":"Students who select the comprehensive examination (CE 596) should expect to take it the quarter they complete all coursework in their program, and must comply with school and departmental requirements.","719":"You have the opportunity to earn extra credit in any of my classes if you wish. All work, with the exception of the earthquake kit, must be turned in the class period before the final exam. You may earn extra credit points by doing any combination of the following assignments listed below. Please refer to your syllabus for the maximum amount of extra credit points allowed.","720":"Students have the right to receive the official grade summary sent to the designated student address by Admissions and Records. However, student grade postal cards or e-mail responses are a courtesy afforded students by individual faculty members. When requesting a grade by postcard, the student has the responsibility of delivering a stamped, self-addressed postcard to the faculty member who has consented to send the student's course grade by postcard. When requesting a grade by e-mail, the mailbox address to be used must be verified by the student with the instructor before or at the final exam.","721":"A ballot for a personnel committee shall not contain the name of any person not eligible to serve. It is the responsibility of the department\/division chair or school director (for department\/division\/school committees) and the college dean (for college committees) to insure that the ballot contains only the names of faculty eligible to serve. It is expected that all eligible faculty will be on the departmental\/divisional\/school ballot and shall serve if elected. When there are fewer than twice the number of faculty members eligible for election to a personnel committee as are required to serve, the faculty shall add the names of eligible nominees from closely related disciplines, in order to present a slate of nominees with at least twice the number to be elected. Each committee will elect its own chair. Members of personnel committees shall be familiar with the University's Statement of Diversity and Inclusivity and make efforts to strengthen diversity and inclusivity through the retention, tenure and promotion process.","722":"Program, PALS Program and the Library) must be reviewed qualitatively and quantitatively on a periodic basis.  The determination of review cycles and review criteria will be approved by the Office of the Provost and Vice President for Academics Affairs or a designated sub-unit of that office after consultation with the Educational Policy Committee. Ad hoc review committees will be convened for the purposes of reviewing each of these programs which shall include a member of the corresponding Senate committee when such a committee exists, i.e., Academic Advisement Center - Academic Advisement Subcommittee. In the case of new programs, it should be expected that a developmental period of up to five years will be required to establish a valid measure of their achievement. The President, Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs, or the Educational Policy Committee may request additional reviews of the aforementioned programs in any given academic year for purposes of planning or to satisfy a request from the Chancellor's Office or the Board of Trustees.","723":"Speakers will present tips and tricks for Web page design using dynamic picture resizing and JavaScript for rollover menus, dynamic examples, on-the-fly URL creation and client-side includes. A framework for cross-browser compatibility will also be shown.","724":"Are you ready to apply for your credential?  The answer is yes only if you have completed all your credential requirements or are enrolled in the only remaining credential requirements this quarter.  If you are ready to apply for your credential, follow the steps below.","725":"For each group, the scheduled week of presentation is listed on the web page entitled Project Groups. The page also contains the email addresses of the group members and the topics assigned to each group.","726":"The University in its quest for truth and knowledge embraces honesty and integrity. These fundamental values must not be compromised. The trust and respect among professors, students and the society need to be vigilantly protected. Cheating and plagiarism can be neither justified nor condoned as this would destroy the ideals and purposes of higher education. Students enter the University to gain the knowledge and tools necessary for participation in society. Academic integrity is a foundation for society based on trust and honesty. Therefore, the University takes seriously its responsibility for academic honesty.","727":"Here at CSULA, there are several activities the club will participate in this year. We plan to have several industry experts visit the campus and give presentations about their particular field of expertise. Hopefully, we can also organize some field trips to visit these people at their places of work and see what the professionals are up to. The club will also be active in on-campus activities including Engineering and Technology Week coming up in February. The contest we will be sponsoring should be a lot of fun. There are plans for an end-of-the-year banquet at which there will be food, music, and certificates of recognition to be awarded. However, the real news is that we are going to compete once again in the Mini Baja competition. This SAE-sponsored off-road race will take place in April at the University of Texas in El Paso. It requires that we build the car. We do not have much time, and we need all the help we can get. Can you face the challenge?","728":"Although these tests indicate that the undergraduate political program at CSLA is producing some growth in learning in both the areas of writing skills and overall content, the analysis to this point has not identified the content areas in which the department has been especially successful.","729":"This is a course that explores moral and social issues that arise out of the unique type of society that exists a nation like the United States. It is a society that boasts adherence to freedom. Part of that freedom involves the liberty to live and think in ways that differ from the ways of others. Combined with those liberties is the diversity of cultures, subcultures, lifestyles, values, and other means of personal identification that are represented in the U.S.","730":"The second section of the midterm will assess your knowledge of the literary texts, authors and techniques important to an understanding of nineteenth century British literature. You will be asked to identify five out of seven passages. For each identified passage, you will need to write the name of the author (1 point), the title of the text from which the passage was taken (1 point) and a brief paragraph (3 points) explaining what the passage tells us about the text.","731":"Now it's time to start your first draft. Put all your lists and clusters and notes on the table next to some blank paper and start writing. If you can't get the first sentence right, don't worry about it, just go on.","732":"Proteins are very large complex molecules that direct the vast array of chemical reactions that occur within living organisms and which constitute the life of those organisms. Many structural components of organisms are also proteins.","733":"The Association's membership rules, and its very name, are designed to focus attention toward the less controversial and more experimentally amenable aspects of consciousness research, and away from some of the more unconventional ideas and intractable issues encountered elsewhere: even David Chalmers scarcely mentioned the 'hard problem', and, despite Stewart Hameroff's presence, the relevance of quantum theory received little attention. The conference sessions were dominated by neuroscientists and experimental, cognitive psychologists, and although there was a good leavening of philosophers, they were mostly wearing their 'scientific under-laborer' hats, rather than their more critical or metaphysical ones. I think there is an important place for both sorts of issue, and both sorts of meeting, within the consciousness studies field, and this conference appeared to succeed very well in its intended terms.","734":"Purpose of Assessment. The purpose of assessment is to assist in improving learning, teaching and academic advising at the individual, course, program and institutional levels. Assessment should be on-going, consistently applied, and based on teaching and learning goals and objectives. Each academic department\/division\/school or program should utilize information from assessment to analyze and improve the effectiveness of its academic programs in such areas as curriculum, academic advisement, faculty development and student services. Data from outcomes assessment will not be used for cross-program rankings or comparisons of individual faculty.","735":"Briefly examine the introductory ILL page. Here you will find, in detail, all the dos and don'ts of ILL. Did you read enough to know what ILL is, and how long it takes? If not, take a bit more time reading this page. You will be happy you did.","736":"Undergraduate Programs - the Major The Department of Political Science offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs to prepare students for professional careers in public service, law, international relations, teaching, and for more effective civic participation as a citizen, public servant, or elected official. Undergraduate study in political science is designed to develop knowledge, analytical skills, and critical insight into the nature of politics and political problems. The Department attempts to acquaint students with the broad questions that have occupied political thinkers and theorists for millenia, as well as the contemporary issues both in this country and abroad and the skills necessary to analyze and understand those issues.","737":"Retired faculty members with temporary one-quarter appointments, whether full or part-time, for purposes of participating in academic governance and other service contributions, are governed by policy statements relating to temporary appointments for one year or less.","738":"External agencies usually do not award funds directly to a principal investigator. Funds for externally funded projects are usually administered by UAS, Inc. acting as a fiscal trustee. Although the campus Office of Business Financial Services usually does not administer funds from external agencies, it must do so in special cases as described below.","739":"The college file shall be the official and complete personnel file. Each college shall establish detailed plans for preserving the security and integrity of the personnel files, which shall include but not be limited to controlled access to locked files, situations under which the files leave campus, the transportation of files, and notification to the faculty member when the files are transported.","740":"Having first proved that \"if the existent does not have magnitude it would not exist,\" he infers that \"if it is, each thing must have some size and bulk, and that one part of it can be apart from another. And with regard to what there is at this stage*, the same argument follows. For that will have size and some part of it will be there at this stage*. To say this once is like saying it constantly. For there will not be some sort of limit to this, nor will one thing not be related to another [as a part]. In this way if there are many, they must be both small and large, small so as not to have size and large so as to be infinite.","741":"NOTE: For Phase 1 type searching, often a title keyword search helps you locate subject headings better or faster than a general keyword search.  Start with a general keyword approach. If that doesn't immediately lead to finding the right subject headings, switch your approach to title keyword searching on the same terms and try again.","742":"However, the tendering and acceptance of such an invitation shall not be construed to mean that the invitees, when participating in such activities or performing in related civic capacities, are acting on behalf of the University or representing it officially.","743":"I am concerned, instead, with how theories of this type can address the nature of our subjective experience of thinking as compared with more traditional (symbolic) cognitive theories. First thoughts may seem to suggest that the newer approaches will measure up poorly. Whereas traditional theorists have always had a lot to say about mental representations and mental processing, non-representational roboticists seem to have little concern with such things, being much more interested in achieving systems capable of autonomous and intelligent behavior, regardless of what goes on inside them to achieve this. One criticism of the application of dynamical systems theory to cognition has been that through its rejection of mental representation it effectively abnegates the study of the mind, and heralds a return to the aridities of Behaviorism (Eliasmith, 1996).","744":"Overview. The Center for Korean-American and Korean Studies (CKAKS) is dedicated to serving as a focal point of Korean American and Korean studies in the Los Angeles area. It was originally established to coordinate studies on Korean culture and tradition, to compile data on the Korean-American community and its activities, to systematically analyze and document the achievements and problems of the Korean-American community, and to develop bi-cultural curriculum materials on Koreans and Korean cultural traditions. More specifically, CKAKS' main objectives have been to promote, coordinate, and conduct research and publication activities related to Korean-American and Korean studies; to sponsor conferences, seminars, symposia and exhibits; and to serve as a cultural resource and research center for the local community. Since the Center's establishment in 1979, all these objectives have been achieved.","745":"The University Web Committee has established design, content, and accessibility guidelines in order to give a professional and consistent look and feel to the University Web site. This site was designed to provide Web publishers or \"Page Authors\" with the necessary information and instructions for redesigning their Web pages according to these guidelines.","746":"Admission or readmission may be qualified, revoked or denied to any person who commits acts that would be the basis for disciplinary proceedings pursuant to these procedures. Qualified admission or denial of admission in such case shall be determined by a hearing held pursuant to Article IV of these procedures.","747":"Part-time faculty members who hold employment outside the University and the CSU system may not be employed by the University in such a way as to exceed a total time base of 125 percent. This means that a faculty member employed full time outside the CSU system may be employed no more than one-fourth time here, or if employed three-fourths time elsewhere may be employed no more than half time here. The rate is computed on the basis of teaching units, with each 4-unit assignment equaling 25 percent. It follows that no faculty member who is employed full time outside the CSU system may be assigned more than one 4-unit class here.","748":"The extent of our help is strictly limited to the material and content that is covered in the workshops. If further help is required, it is recommended that you seek your corresponding instructor or advisor.","749":"A second problem is the dispute over how many uninsured children there are, with different surveys yielding different results. These seem to vary with the nature of the question (the Current Population Survey does not ask respondents if they are uninsured -- analysts infer uninsured status from respondents who do not report any form of insurance), the time period examined (the Current Population Survey asks respondents in March about their insurance status during the previous calendar year, and other surveys ask about other recall periods), and whether the CPS or other surveys are adjusted for known underreporting of the receipt of Medicaid. For a review of these issues, see U.S.","750":"In the case of Eudemus, it is built on an equilateral triangle and the simplest ratio, the same ratio used in the first construction. We can even imagine that the author, whether Hippocrates, Eudemus or someone else, starts with the idea of investigating lunules, successfully squares a lunule with diameter as base, and the ratio of segments as 2 : 1, and then proceeds to the next figure as providing a base but with the same ratio.","751":"It is the student's responsibility to request advisement and to be certain that the appropriate paperwork required for satisfactory progress is submitted to the School graduate studies office. Either call the Geological Sciences Office (323) 343-2400) to make an appointment with the graduate advisor or contact the appropriate adviser listed below.","752":"If you requested the computer, but it has not been powered on, turn it on by pressing the power button as shown, and login using your NIS information. If you can't login in click on the Option button located on the bottom right of your login screen, make sure the domain is NIS.","753":"He suggested that 200 Mhz or lower level computers be replaced using older baseline machines from expired leases as a low cost alternative. Departments and colleges could purchase older computers at buy-out rates.","754":"Chinese, Japanese, Korean, most Slavic languages, and most African languages do not have articles, and those languages that do have them use them in ways that are very different from English. Speakers of Asian languages who are acquiring English tend to leave articles out entirely at first. In English a lack of articles creates a very odd effect. For example, the difference between \"the man\" and \"man\" is the difference between an individual and a philosophical abstraction.","755":"What are you doing? In the third and final phase, once you are satisfied that you have the best set, you will click on the Expert Search link which will automatically reformulate your search as an Expert Search and give you the opportunity to limit it further by available categories such as date, language, material type, etc.","756":"Sometimes, as in haptic perception, a sensor may interact directly with the environmental object of interest. More often, perhaps, it will interact with some reliably correlated causal product of it: thus, visual instruments interact directly with structural features of the \"optic array\" of light (Gibson, 1979), but the usefulness of this is that such features are reliable indicators of the layout of the more tangible environment. In some cases the correlated causal product might be within the perceiver's body (heat in the flesh as correlated with a nearby fire, for example, or sound induced vibrations in the cochlea) or even within its brain (the map of the retinal image in V1 may be an example), but it would be a serious mistake to think of them, merely in virtue of such location, as percepts, or meaningful, potentially conscious representations, or even as computationally manipulable symbols (Thomas, in press).","757":"The Depression brought hardship all across the United States, but perhaps the area hardest hit was the drought-ridden region that came to be called the Dust Bowl. This American masterpiece tells the story of a simple but courageous farmer who sets out with his family in hopes of a new life in California.","758":"The purpose of this chapter is to introduce microsimulations of public policy to public managers. Microsimulations are large models that start with a large-scale survey of the public. To the survey are added several kinds of information: data from other surveys and databases, imputations and statistical matches, program rules, and behavioral assumptions. Microsimulations are different from the usual surveys that are taught in graduate programs of public administration in that they can be used to make estimates of the number of participants in different eligibility categories and the potential costs of programs and potential policy changes to those programs.","759":"Ancient Greek texts often take a right angle to be a unit. It is a matter of debate when degrees were introduced. The earliest Greek text to use degrees (imported from Babylon) is Hypsicles, Anaphoricus (2nd cent. B.C.E.).","760":"Among the entries published in 2000, find the title: Children exposed to domestic violence; click on it and look at the full title record for this book. Note that although the book contains the phrase \"domestic violence\" in the title, the book is assigned the subject heading \"family violence.\"","761":"Postbaccalaureate unclassified students may register for 500-level courses if the department\/division chair or school director determines that there is space available. These students must have satisfied all prerequisites for the course and have obtained approval of the instructor, the principal graduate adviser, and the chair of the department\/division\/school offering the course.","762":"Welcome to the Jobs section of the Bookmark Hit List. To the left we have several categories that can assist you in your job search. Most online Job directories offer positions in a variety of categories and fields.","763":"More senior members serve as positive role models to the newer students. Students experience substantial career development as a consequence of their participation in research. Membership in an active research group and performance of quality research strengthens the student's preparation for graduate education to the Ph.D. in a biomedically-related science.","764":"Procedures During Enrollment. The Academic Program Coordinator will be charged to provide continuing contact with Early Entrance Program students while they are on campus, and will inform participants and their parents in writing of the University's behavioral expectations for students while they are enrolled in the program. While chronological ages of participants will require that the University assume a limited role in loco parentis with regard to mandatory out-of-classroom activities initiated by the Academic Program Coordinator, it must be clearly understood by all persons that the University cannot and will not assume unusual custodial or supervisory responsibilities for these students.","765":"This introduction to popular multimedia titles covers a host of topics, including interface design, interactivity, immersion, screen design, embedded tools, break-out problems, digital motion video, virtual reality, CD-ROMs and the Web. It also discusses multimedia categories, such as games, tutorials, simulations, magazines, and presentations, and it explores applications in business, training and publishing. Students receive hands-on experience with some of the most current titles in multimedia.","766":"Sept. 2000. The distance-traveled by X from Los Angeles to Kaua'i one year later may be an equal distance-traveled in an equal time, but the distances-traveled and the times of travel are not the same. The distance traveled two years later from Los Angeles to New York may be the same distance, but it is not the same movement.","767":"Mithen's \"Evolution of the Imaginative Mind.\" Mithen argued that it was imagination that gave homo sapiens its decisive evolutionary advantage over homo neandethalis and other hominids, allowing our ancestors to quickly drive the Neanderthals into extinction, despite the fact that the older species was better physically adapted to the cold European winters than the newcomers from Africa. However, for Mithen, \"imagination\" turned out to mean no more than \"cognitive fluidity\": hardly the same thing as Brann's \"missing mystery of philosophy\" (1991), or Coleridge's \"repetition in the finite mind of the eternal act of creation in the infinite I AM\" (1817), or even Aristotle's \"process by which we say that an image is presented to us\" (De Anima 428a).","768":"America to the earlier process of U.S. territorial expansion into lands held by Native Americans? Using the Tucker chapter as well as the relevant Early Documents, what key parallels and differences do you see? Pay particular attention to white Americans\u2019 views of nature and of non-white peoples.","769":"Iacoboni himself is investigating the large-scale neural architecture subserving motor imagery (the imagining of actions) and imitation, hoping to elucidate the general mechanisms by which the brain enables us to understand the actions, emotions and intentions of others. But would even total success in this ambitious project provide an understanding of the neural basis of imagination? Although interpersonal understanding is plausibly construed as an imaginative ability, it is not imagination its very self. We can imagine many things besides other people's mental states.","770":"Using DVC for teaching the coil pot building process the teacher can use both graphics and text as well as sound and video on a computer to introduce a new art process and concept to the class.  Students, at their own computers, can examine and work through the multimedia data with the teacher as well as become familiar with the sequence of steps in the lesson before beginning work with the clay.  Students could go back over and review any part of the process or if they had been absent reviewing would also help to familiarize them with the material they had missed.  In addition, teachers can work collaboratively with other teachers on lesson plans and the development of educational multimedia using DVC technology.","771":"Ink is the next consumable product that adds to the costs. The average cost of an ink cartridge is about $20-$30 for either black or color carts. Depending on printer manufacturer your photo printer may have two carts (one black and one 5 color) or individual carts for each color (6 carts total). There is a tendency in most inkjet printing to use one color faster than others, after which the entire cart needs to be replaced. Individual color ink tank are noted to save money by only replacing the expired color.","772":"Thus, like the direct study of consciousness, the study of imagination is unlikely to be successful, and its relevance to consciousness is unlikely to be fully clear, unless a good deal of conceptual analysis is undertaken.","773":"A ballot for a personnel committee shall not contain the name of any person not eligible to serve. It is the responsibility of the department\/division chair or school director (for department\/division\/school committees) and the college dean (for college committees) to insure that the ballot contains only the names of faculty eligible to serve. It is expected that all eligible faculty will be on the departmental\/divisional\/school ballot and shall serve if elected. When there are fewer than twice the number of faculty members eligible for election to a personnel committee as are required to serve, the faculty shall add the names of eligible nominees from closely related disciplines, in order to present a slate of nominees with at least twice the number to be elected. Each committee will elect its own chair. Members of personnel committees shall be familiar with the University's Statement of Diversity and Inclusivity and make efforts to strengthen diversity and inclusivity through the retention, tenure and promotion process.","774":"SPAM - a meat-based product manufactured by Hormel Foods Corporation (at spam.com.), and immortalized by a famous Monty Python sketch. It has since been adopted by the Internet community to signify the mindless mass-posting of messages to Usenet or email, flooding the Internet with many copies of the same message. Spam is unwanted, invasive Internet advertising. Spam comes to you in two ways: either through Usenet's newsgroups, or via Email. Spam is invasive, in that you haven't asked for it and it gets sent to you (or posted to your newsgroup) anyway. Most spam is commercial advertising, typically for get-rich-quick schemes, or probable scams. Spam costs the sender very little to send -- most of the costs are borne by the recipient or the carriers. Spam consumes your resources. Many spam emails try to look like an honest attempt to do something nice for you. \"Dear friend, I noticed you are doing business on the net and I thought you'd be interested in...\"","775":"The target article's value lies not in its defence of specification, or the \"global array\" concept, but in its challenge to the paradigm of 5+ senses, and its examples of multiple receptor types cooperatively participating in specific information pick-up tasks. Rather than analysing our perceptual endowment into 5+ senses, it is more revealing to type perceptual systems according to task.","776":"The primary mission of the social work profession is to enhance human well-being and help meet the basic human needs of all people, with particular attention to the needs and empowerment of people who are vulnerable, oppressed, and living in poverty. A historic and defining feature of social work is the profession's focus on individual well-being in a social context and the well-being of society. Fundamental to social work is attention to the environmental forces that create, contribute to, and address problems in living.","777":"This web site has many resources that can help you gain skill on how to do electronic searches. Information on how to access the internet from your home computer can be found in the Basic Internet Skills section. It even contains a link which enables you to download browser software (Netscape or Explorer). The Accessing Knowledge Resources section has an excellent tutorial of the essential steps you should consider when working on your research paper. Spend some time getting acquainted with this valuable site.","778":"I would like to welcome you to the Department of Technology's home page. I encourage you to browse through our web pages to locate important information related to our six (6) degree programs, student organizations, state-of-the-art facilities, full-time faculty, 2+2 transfer articulations with community colleges and general university information. We offer four different Bachelor of Science degrees (Aviation Administration, Fire Protection Administration, Graphic Communications and Industrial Technology), one Bachelor of Vocational Education and one Master of Arts degree in Industrial and Technical Studies. There are four-color program brochures to download (.PDF format) for three of the degree programs (Aviation Administration, Fire Protection Administration and Industrial Technology). You can examine the major requirements for each of the B.S. degrees by clicking on the Program Curriculum button located on the left side of each program web page.","779":"The Resource Allocation Advisory Committee is appointed by and advisory to the President on issues regarding budget policy, planning and resource allocation matters. The committee will review the consolidated University Resource Allocation Request and submit recommendations to the President. This is an administrative committee; for detailed information refer to Administrative Procedure 212 in the Administrative Manual.","780":"If the certification indicates that you have been admitted into a master's, credential, or second bachelor's degree program, your post-degree aid will be adjusted to reflect the appropriate aid for a student in your new program.","781":"Student is provided. In addition, the program provides: (l) payment of student registration fees; (2) $2,500 per year for research supplies, and (3) a travel allowance for students to attend scientific meetings to present research papers.","782":"In Spring 1998, the Department surveyed its students and alumni for its program review, a mandatory evaluation conducted by all CSULA departments every five years. Here are the highlights of some of the findings based on the responses of 91 baccalaureate alumni (1992-97) who have completed the questionnaire survey.","783":"D. Schaeffer asked that we strongly suggest that the Chemical Abstracts assignments for the chemistry course for non-chemistry majors be changed.  The possibility of having the Library partner with Chemistry for this assignment was positively received.","784":"Shortly thereafter, I was permoted to Department Secretary III. I am currently responsible for the day-to-day operation of my department, coordinating projects, report generation, and organizing travel and meeting schedules for 12 criminal justice faculty, faculty applicants and the Department Chair. I have a broad area of expertise in computer operation, office procedure and office organizational structures. I am currently working to complete my BS degree in Sociology with a minor in Criminal Justice.","785":"Each of you will probably run into trouble a few times, during these exercises.  You will take a wrong turn and find yourself lost, not understanding why you are not seeing what the exercises tells you that you should be seeing.","786":"The Cal State LA RUSH Program is strongly research oriented. Upon admission to the program, the students are incorporated into active research groups under the direction of the training faculty. The research group is the basic unit we have used to motivate and strengthen the student's desire for a career in biomedical research. Participation in a research group (coupled with a strong academic preparation) well-prepares these students for their future education in graduate school. A positive, rigorous, and productive experience performing publication-quality research as undergraduates is excellent preparation for graduate school, and is a strong factor in developing a student's scientific maturity and interest in a research career.","787":"Mechanics deals with the response of physical bodies to the action of applied forces. By response what is meant is the stresses (or the stress resultants, also known as internal forces) in a body, and the deformation and motion of a body .","788":"Both terms are acceptable, but African American is preferred by many. If the individual or group about which you are writing expresses a preference, use that term. Do not hyphenate African American (or other compound nationalities, even when used as an adjective: an honored African American novelist). Hyphenate compounds with name fragments: Afro-American, Indo-European.","789":"The chair shall determine by the third week of the spring quarter the faculty replacement needs for the summer quarter and for the following year and shall notify the Executive Committee to conduct the necessary elections.","790":"For members of the General Education Honors Program who entered the program during the fall, winter or spring quarter of the 1982-83 academic year, the number of honors courses required for graduation with Honors in General Education is reduced. Students would be required to take four classes instead of six and students who were freshmen when they entered during that period of time would be required to take five honors courses in order to graduate with Honors in General Education. All students entering the honors program during or later than fall quarter, 1983, will be responsible for completing the original requirement of six courses in order to graduate with Honors in General Education.","791":"Students need to have daytime hours available for fieldwork placements. Field education hours are typically completed during the daytime in the regular work week (Monday through Friday 8am to 5pm).Three year students need to have at least two 8-hour days available during the work week (Mon. - Fri.) from 8:00 am to 5`:00 p.m. for fieldwork placements as no weekend or evening hours are available. Students who are employed are expected to be available for field placements during regular business hoursThere are no weekend hours available for fieldwork.","792":"Require at least one significant written assignment as part of the courses\/experiences in 100% of majors; establish effective support mechanisms between the UWC and 100% of the Schools and Departments.","793":"However, the tendering and acceptance of such an invitation shall not be construed to mean that the invitees, when participating in such activities or performing in related civic capacities, are acting on behalf of the University or representing it officially.","794":"One of the most important requirements of the Social Science 180 course is a four to five page research paper. The topic you choose must originate from an issue, an event, a person, or a problem discussed in one of the articles included in the course syllabus. This means that you must review the syllabus carefully in the first week and pick a core article that interests you. A good topic 1) is significant, 2) requires research to describe, explain and understand, and 3) is specific and sufficiently narrow so that you may complete the research paper in the time alloted for it.","795":"If teacher education programs are to promote the value of collaboration within their candidates, they must teach and model collaborative pedagogy within their programs. The reticence for using more collaboratively structured assessment methods may be that they are seen as less sound.","796":"Purpose. The Early Entrance Program is created to meet a demonstrated demand for educational programs to serve students who are extremely gifted and who need the academic challenges of a university environment to develop intellectually, but who are chronologically younger than traditional undergraduates and who have not yet graduated from high school.","797":"The Executive Committee shall consist of the chair, the vice chair, and the secretary of the Academic Senate, the immediate past chair*(as a nonvoting member), the senior member of the Academic Senate CSU**(as a non-voting member), and the four other members who are elected by secret ballot by the members of the Senate for a one- year term. No more than three voting members of the Executive Committee shall be from any one college.","798":"When I went to Sunrayce 93 with the Solar Eagle II, I got a glimpse into the world of solar racing, and it was an eye-opening experience. I really took it for granted that other schools were doing work on their cars that was of the same caliber as what we were doing, and that wasn't the case. Many of our competitors' cars were nowhere near the quality of the Solar Eagle II. It made me proud to be a student at Cal State L.A.","799":"Persuasion, to a large extent, involves convincing people to accept our assumptions as probably true. Similarly, exposing questionable assumptions in someone else's argument is an effective means for preparing the audience to accept your own contrary position.","800":"Choose a picture (painting or photo), that has had a powerful impact on you. You may have seen this picture in a magazine, newspaper, book, museum, or gallery, or it may be something you or a friend or relative possesses. (1) Describe this picture, and (2) discuss what it means to you and (3) why it affected you so powerfully.","801":"Here are all the links to the online information that was referenced during the lectures. Please take a look at the DLink NAS as I have posted a different version of the one demonstrated in the class. Also, I have added Virtual Server 2005 in the link for your information.","802":"Axions decay into two equal photons, and the heavier the axion is, the more quickly it will decay. Given these facts, if axions were to compose a galaxy's halo, we would see soft glowing halos today if the axions had a mass greater than 2 eV\/c2 .","803":"This format is used to critique and evaluate work done by other scientists as presented in journal articles and other published sources, in contrast to the research paper format, in which you present your own experimental data and results. You can use this format to review one journal article or several.","804":"Clinic counselors are students who are completing the requirements of the State of California's Board of Behavioral Science Examiners in preparation to be licensed as Marriage and Family Therapists.  These student counselors have completed most of their Masters level course work in Psychology and are considered to be ready to start gathering practical counseling experience, by the Psychology Department clinical faculty.  These student clinic counselors receive supervision by Psychology Department clinical faculty  who are also Licensed Psychologists in the State of California.","805":"Short response papers (1 1\/2 to 2 1\/2 pages except for Middlemarch which should be 4 pages, typed, double-spaced) are due on the dates specified on the syllabus. Papers must be word-processed and handed in at the beginning of class (no email submissions accepted).","806":"General Minor -- (28 units) for students from any major, designed to allow students to gain some acquaintance with any parts of the field of Political Science without investing in the number of units required for a major.","807":"The orderly participation of faculty in policy making, and a clearly defined organizational structure designed to promote such participation contributes to a clearer understanding of the mutual problems and responsibilities of the faculty and the administration of California State University, Los Angeles.","808":"Social bases of religion, religious institutions, and their modern organizational life; comparative analysis and theories of religious behavior; religious institutions, their representatives, religious conflict, and public law.","809":"Join us for a discussion about environmental racism, its impact on low-income communities of color, and what you can do to protect the air we breathe. Panelists include community organization representatives who fight on a daily basis for environmental justice.","810":"Current monitors in Hall A are accurate to the 1%-2% level. We could deduce the densities by measuring elastic scattering at low Q2 where elastic electron scattering is well know ( to within 1%). Q2 = -q2 , where q is the four-momentum of the elastically scattered electron. The luminosity factor, however, is given solely in terms of the measured number of elastic events and the known cross section.","811":"Any of these, except the last, creates an artificiality. Hence, it is tempting to translate as 'ten-thousand-units'. This proves even more artificial and prevents our speaking of more than one myriad without further linguistic contortion. For this reason I chose 'unit' and the Anglicizations of Greek nouns for numbers.","812":"Please make sure the monitor is securely plugged into the computer and\/or the wall outlet, and that the power is on. If the computer is on and there is no display, please contact your respective college ITC or the ITS  Helpdesk at x6170.","813":"The conclusions based on the simulation studies, with low (but realistic) intra class correlations of 0.10 and 0.20 are, that the RC model is technically an improvement over the traditional multiple regression model, because it calculates the correct standard errors.","814":"The President's responsibilities include initiation and coordination of planning (with appropriate consultation), approval and implementation of the plan, and ensuring that all affected parties are given the opportunity to participate in the planning process.","815":"Focuses on U.S. Latinos and Latinas who have made important contributions to American society. Arranged alphabetically by last names. Entries include both living and dead. Each entry concludes with a list for further reading.","816":"That Naj Tunich was a place of worship among the elite is reasonably established by the massive architectural construction, the presence of elite burials, the abundant artifact assemblage, which includes jade and polychrome pottery, and finally, and most decisively, by the impressive paintings it contains.","817":"Choralist is intended to be a communication mechanism for the exchange of information and ideas between practicing choral conductors. Choralist is open to anyone but is specifically oriented towards research and information dissemination for the choral conducting professional.","818":"Note that after you have finished filling out the form, all you need to do to initiate the transaction is to press the Submit Request button at the end. When you press this button, your request will go by email to our Interlibrary Loan office for processing. (The system will automatically email you a copy of your request.) If you check back at the Library Loan Desk in approximately one to two weeks, your item should be there, waiting for you to pick it up.","819":"Certain chapters, however, merely rehash certain \"classic\" thought-experiment arguments of recent philosophy of mind, attempting to show that, despite initial appearances, they pose no threat to physicalism in general, or representationalism in particular: chapter 1 on the knowledge argument (Mary the incarcerated color expert); chapter 5 on the inverted spectrum (which goes back to Locke, although Tye is particularly concerned with Sydney Shoemaker's take on it); and chapter 6 on swampman and inverted Earth. I have no great quarrel with the general direction of Tye's thinking in these chapters, but I deprecate the genre. The original thought experiments, and perhaps the first two or three rounds of objections, objections to objections, and so on, may have offered valuable insights, but that stage is long past. They have become fodder for the publish-or-perish academic philosophy industry, and the resulting scholasticism can achieve little beyond persuading other cognitive scientists that listening to the philosophers is a waste of time. No consensus is discernable, and every finely honed argument soon meets its equally clever rebuttal. Although Tye handles this sort of stuff better than most, and one cannot help but admire his skill in juggling what has become extremely complex material, reading these chapters did not leave me feeling I understood the underlying substantive issues any better.","820":"The following policies and procedures relate to grants and contracts for services which originate outside the University, such as agencies of the federal or state governments, private foundations, or corporations.","821":"Hardware-enforced Data Execution Prevention (DEP) is availabe and prevents malicious code from entering memory marked for data only.  \"Worm\" code is prevented from entering areas marked as non-executable and executible code is sealed off from being altered.","822":"The sponsors of Sunrayce author several web pages. For information about current rules and regulations, or for information on past races, you can refer to these web pages as the best sources of information.","823":"UFO classic of peaceful contact between humans and aliens. Roy Neary's sighting of flying saucers begins a series of events that culminate in his encounter with other worlds aboard the alien mothership.","824":"All members of the faculty at each campus shall be eligible to vote for campus representatives to serve in the Academic Senate. Each campus shall determine which members of the campus community are considered to be faculty.","825":"Participation in academic governance is defined as membership in any recognized university, college, or department\/division\/school committee; college assembly; or the Academic Senate, its four standing committees, their subcommittees, or any ad hoc committee established by the Senate or the President.","826":"Students will need to submit an application by April 10th of any given year for consideration for the following September. Students are responsible for providing all materials to accompany their application and only complete applications will be processed. Applicants will be notified of their status following their submission.","827":"Among these rights are: the right to inspect and review personal education records, the right to request the amendment of education records in the case of inaccurate or misleading information, the right to consent to disclosures of personally identifiable information contained in these records, and the right to file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by the University to comply with the requirements of FERPA.","828":"If this conference had confined itself rigidly to the cognitive psychology and neuroscience of implicit cognition, then some excellent science would have been presented, but consciousness might not have been much illuminated. It seems to me, however, that by setting its bounds just a little more widely it achieved a considerable success. The more speculatively inclined were forced to confront some hard science (and some rigorous philosophy), and everyone had the opportunity to enlarge their perspectives without having their credulity strained too far.","829":"Oakland was destroyed when the southbound lanes fell onto the northbound lanes. Soil liquefaction of bay fill is the probable cause. Timing of the earthquake again saved many lives. The temblor occurred as the World Series between the Oakland Athletics and the San Francisco Giants was beginning.","830":"President, an ad hoc advisory committee will be established. All persons serving on such an ad hoc committee must recognize that their responsibilities include positive efforts to strengthen the University's commitment to inclusivity and diversity.","831":"\"picturing,\" \"seeing in the mind's eye,\" etc.: that is, experiences that resemble (faint) perceptual experiences, but that occur in the absence of the things that seem to be \"perceived.\" Let us call these two possible positions \"experiential iconophobia\" and \"experiential iconophilia.\" In fact, out-and-out experiential iconophobes seem to be very rare; it takes some gall to deny other people's experiences - even so strict a behaviorist as B.F. Skinner acknowledges \"seeing in the absence of the thing seen\" (Skinner, 1953, pp.","832":"Students who are not enrolled in any credit-bearing course during the quarter in which they take the comprehensive examination must pay the comprehensive examination fee. Payment of State University, student services, facilities, and associated student fees, or any tuition charges, is not required.","833":"Students who are admitted to the graduate program will be assigned to a mentor, for advisement and program planning.  The mentor supervises the student's completion of the program, but mentors can be changed if a student's interests change and an alternate is available.  Students' specific requirements to meet individual academic needs are developed in conjunction with the mentor.","834":"General meetings of the faculty may be called at the request of the President or at the request of the Chair of the Academic Senate, or by a petition signed by ten percent of the members of the faculty currently in residence.","835":"The matter of work in other related departments is one area of flexibility in our major. Students may take up to 8 units of electives outside the Department, in related fields, with the permission of the undergraduate advisor. Some work outside the Department is thought appropriate, because of the intimate intellectual ties between Sociology and other disciplines such as History, Political Science, Anthropology, Psychology, Criminal Justice, and minority studies programs (e.g., Chicano Studies, Pan-African Studies, and Latin American Studies). Furthermore, this latitude allows us to accommodate, when appropriate, students with diverse backgrounds, or with needs to acquire certain competencies, that our Department provides. Students may also include up to 8 units of internship experience (SOC 398) or independent study (SOC 499) as electives in their programs. Internship units are job related and sociologically relevant. More information on internships can be found through the Internships link..","836":"Any threats or acts of retaliation against any member of the faculty or staff as a consequence of implementing this policy on Academic Honesty will be cause for disciplinary action under section 41301, Title 5, California Code of Regulations, in addition to civil and criminal liabilities.","837":"Funds for other related activities, such as student membership in professional organizations and subscriptions to journals, graduate school application and test fees, and minor research materials costs.","838":"Probation is entered on a student's transcript, with its beginning and end date, for the period of time that the probation is in effect. Suspension is entered on the student's transcript, with its beginning and end date, for the period of time that the suspension is in effect, but remains on the transcript permanently if the suspension is for longer than one academic year. Expulsion is entered on the student's transcript permanently along with the date it takes effect.","839":"The Master of Arts degree in psychology is a rigorous program designed to develop research and conceptual skills for students whose primary interest is in continuing their education in a doctoral program. A key feature of the program is a close mentoring relationship with a faculty member who oversees the student's progress toward his or her individual research goals.","840":"Because Java is designed to be platform-independent, it is essential that you understand more than one desktop environment.  In the current quarter you will use the Solaris 9 environment in the classroom.","841":"Quantities that can be represented by directed line segments and which combine according to the parallelogram law of addition (or triangle rule of addition) are called vectors, or geometric vectors to be precise. Prototype is the displacement of a particle.","842":"Thirty-one, including 18 of the 19 students in the upper division classes, were placed in a group that had completed 10 or more political science courses. A comparison of the two groups in terms of mean scores for the GRE overall and four subsections of the test is shown in Table 6. Significance levels are based on F values from a one way analysis of variance.","843":"The department\/division\/school committee may request students who have submitted statements to meet with its members for purposes of clarification. The students who are invited to meet with the department\/division\/school committee will be notified that the faculty member has the right to be present following the rules of oral testimony.","844":"Winter Quarter Instrumental Jury, scheduled in the Final's Week. Make sure your applied teacher gives you jury assignments. If you require a piano accompanist, you must contact Ja Koo or Twyla Meyer (room 14) as soon as possible. You may also hire a out-of-campus pianist to assist you.","845":"Science provides the basis for a liberal arts education with major emphasis in social science. Students who graduate with this major will fulfill requirements for the Single Subject credential in Social Science. The major requires completion of 108 units. The program includes four options: History, Geography, Political Science, and Economics.","846":"And so a long ruler was placed on a straight footing lying in a place from where the sun would be seen rising, and a small bored cylinder was placed on the ruler upright straightaway after the rising of the sun, and then when it was on the horizon and could be looked at right on, the ruler was turned around into the sun, and the eye was positioned at the end of the ruler. Lying between the sun and the eye, the cylinder blocked the view of the sun. And so with the cylinder separated from the eye, the cylinder was positioned in the spot where a little bit of the sun would begin to appear on each side of the cylinder.","847":"The Women's Health Project was established by Dr. Fary Cachelin in Fall, 1997.  The purpose of the project is to study the occurrence of disordered eating in women of various ethnicities, comparing Caucasian, African-American, Asian and Hispanic women.  Currently, very little is known about eating disorders in minority women, particularly Asian and Hispanic women.  This past year, eleven undergraduate and graduate research assistants have worked on the project.  Research assistants typically attend weekly training meetings, actively recruit participants, and conduct clinical phone interviews.  The information collected from this project will hopefully promote further research, and help form public policy related to women's health issues.","848":"Honor Society Initiates. Chapters of more than twenty national and international honor societies have been chartered at the University to accord recognition to students who demonstrated superior scholarship and leadership in specific academic areas.","849":"The curriculum has both residence and external components, and includes undergraduate and graduate segments. Courses, degree and certificate programs, and modifications thereof are proposed by the faculty in the respective disciplines or interdisciplinary areas.","850":"Because a strength of our faculty lies in its ethnic, cultural and gender diversity and because of our commitment to equity let us remember, as we make nominations and cast our votes today, that we should strive to elect committee members which reflect that diversity.","851":"Officials at the University of Delaware thought that letting parents know when students violate regulations on alcohol use would alter students' drinking habits, and one administrator offers, \"We believe it has\" (Reisberg, 1998, p. 58).","852":"Dr. Lipton has devoted much of his professional career to issues related to technology education, placing a major focus on improvement and articulation of its content, delivery and application. His numerous activities have included involvement in the development and review of state and national standards, service on many California Department of Education committees\/task forces (most recently serving on the Task Force on Industrial and Technology Education in California by the State Superintendent of Public Instruction) and active leadership in industrial and technology professional development. Under his directorship of the Center for Technology Education between 1994 and 2002, he was responsible for providing leadership and coordination of more than $1.5 million of funded projects related to industrial and technology education program development, training, consulting and services to local educational agencies and industry.","853":"Moreover, if the wave is repetitive, i.e. doing the same thing over and over, the frequencies needed are only those which are integer multiples of the lowest, fundamental, frequency of the motion. Sounds which we consider \"musical\" and have a definable pitch are repetitive waves.","854":"A corrupt millionaire junk dealer, embarrassed by his girlfriend's lack of social sophistication, arranges to have her trained in a crash course in \"culture.\" He is surprised and outraged when after becoming aware of her role as pawn in his crooked business deals, she refuses to cooperate.","855":"For future applicability, Cal State L.A. will not retain any discovered native American burial remains or associated or unassociated funerary objects. Any and all remains and associated grave artifacts, that are uncovered by Cal State L.A. personnel, will be inventoried and deposited with government agencies following state and federal regulations. Proposed federal regulations for the Native American Graves Protection Law (Public Law 101601) will be adhered to.","856":"Sphaerica, iii 5) Let two adjacent equal arcs be marked off on the ecliptic and let latitudes be drawn to the colure. These mark off two unequal arcs on the colure, where the one nearer the equator is larger than the one further away.","857":"And so if the ratio for the movement is what AB has to AG, it is necessary that AD also have this ratio to AE. Therefore the small quadrilateral is similar to the larger, so the same diameter is also of them, and A will be at Z. In the same manner, it will be proved wherever the motion is marked off. For it will always be on the diameter.","858":"Despite the fact that our CSLA Library subscribes to more English language and literature journals than many comparable CSU libraries, you may frequently discover that the \"perfect\" article or book that you need for your paper is not owned by our Library. English is a large academic discipline with a great number of significant scholarly journals. MLA indexes over 6,000 journals. A university library of our size can afford to subscribe to less than 15% of  these journals. The Library coordinates its subscriptions with the faculty in English, and together we try to subscribe to the core journals in the discipline, as well as those that support our unique CSLA English Department curriculum.","859":"If you accept this loan, you must understand the terms of the loan: that you will begin repaying it, with interest (5%), six months after you graduate, leave school, or drop below half-time enrollment.","860":"The Center serves to bridge the gap between research and teaching by establishing models and criteria of effective teaching. In fulfillment of the mandate of the Master Plan, the Center conducts research in teaching and learning at the postsecondary level. The Center provides a unique opportunity to establish national models and programs that reflect the richness and diversity of the members of the CSLA faculty and student body.","861":"If new administrative positions at the level of Associate Vice President or Dean, or that report directly to the President or any of the Vice Presidents, are created, there shall be discussion between the President and the Executive Committee about whether the administrator is to be included in these procedures and, if so, in which Group.","862":"These rhetorical modes are still taught in English departments under the unlikely name of \"current-traditional\" rhetoric. Although a number of competing rhetorics are taught, including revivals of classical rhetoric, current-traditional rhetoric still maintains a massive presence--in composition textbooks, in course descriptions, and in classrooms. In a world of spin doctors and sound bites, where entire political campaigns are run on image and emotional appeals alone, this eighteenth century rhetoric, with its emphasis on style, correctness, and concrete detail, seems incomplete, narrow, and outdated. On the other hand, Aristotle's 2,300 year old effort is still highly relevant.","863":"Scholars Program is strongly research oriented. Upon admission to the program, the Scholars are incorporated into active research groups under the direction of the training faculty. The research group is the basic unit we have used to motivate and strengthen the student's desire for a career in biomedical research.","864":"C. Student teams will cut three editing exercises (two from provided narrative materials and the third cut to music, (details to be explained in class) due for screening, based on group assignments, at the fifth or sixth lecture (1\/31 or 2\/7\/07).","865":"Point Average Requirement: Achievement of a minimum B(3.0) grade point average in all courses on the approved degree program. A grade of C is allowed on the program; however, any grade below C requires that the course be repeated with both grades computed in the grade point average.","866":"This is followed by a focus on geological hazards. The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami and the 2005 Pakistan earthquake demonstrate the horrific impact of earthquakes in developing regions. Students learn how earthquakes cause destruction and why the damage that they cause is often so much more severe in developing nations. Measures to reduce the consequences of earthquakes and barriers to implementation of these improvements in developing nations are explored.","867":"IUPLR, a consortium of 16 Latino research centers based at major universities across the United States, is the only nationwide university-based research organization bringing together scholars from a wide variety of disciplines to conduct policy-relevant research on Latinos. IUPLR also functions as a Census Information Center, which analyzes census data regarding Latino population growth.","868":"Scholars also have an opportunity to participate in a paid summer internship at a Ph.D. granting institution. Mentors are recognized for their significant and very rewarding contribution to student achievement.","869":"Application forms for the  University may  be obtained from a major library, community college, another California State University or on-line at the CSLA homepage.  The Psychology Department offers a mentor-based graduate program.  As a consequence, we encourage students to contact a faculty member in the area of research in which they are interested before applying to the University.  Positions in the department are limited and acceptance into the program depends on students finding someone on the faculty who will agree to serve as a mentor.","870":"All this came upon them with the late war, which was begun by the Athenians and Peloponnesians by the dissolution of the thirty years? truce made after the conquest of Euboea. To the question why they broke the treaty, I answer by placing first an account of their grounds of complaint and points of difference, that no one may ever have to ask the immediate cause which plunged the Hellenes into a war of such magnitude. The real cause I consider to be the one which was formally most kept out of sight. The growth of the power of Athens, and the alarm which this inspired in Lacedaemon, made war inevitable. Still it is well to give the grounds alleged by either side which led to the dissolution of the treaty and the breaking out of the war.","871":"University policies, any additional or specific criteria and standards to be applied in RTP evaluations. These must be given to the faculty within fourteen (14) days of their initial appointment and again when changes occur. Colleges should advise and support candidates to enhance their educational performance, professional achievement, and contributions to the University community.","872":"Map from http:\/\/www.scecdc.scec.org\/clickmap.html showing \"epicenters of historic earthquakes (as far back as 1812) of particular note plotted over the background topography. Shown, too, are major highways (in tan) and the surface traces of major faults (in greenish-blue).\"","873":"Eighteenth and nineteenth-century novels are exciting, thought-provoking, and playful; they are also exceptionally LONG. Be forewarned: you should enroll only if you are prepared to keep up with the reading (an average of 300 pages per week) and with two-page response papers due nearly every other week. Because this is a lecture-discussion class rather than a formal lecture course, active and informed contribution to class discussion is expected from all students.","874":"Program features include a comprehensive year-round after-school tutoring at the target high schools, Saturday instruction in writing skills, tutoring, counseling, four college visits per year. Also workshops in financial aid, college admission, study skills and career planning. Students actively participate in a six-week summer program at CSULA, including 2 weeks residential. There are 40-50 openings per year for this program. This program is supported by the U.S. Department of Education.","875":"Of course, the assignments mentioned above can be gathered together in a \"learning log\" or other type of journal. A more powerful type of journal is the \"double-entry\" or \"dialogic\" journal in which students copy down quotes, facts, or concepts from the lecture or the textbooks in one column, and write responses, questions and insights in the next column or on the facing page. In this way the writer engages in an ongoing dialogue with the material, an ancient but still essential activity of serious intellectual life in any academic field or profession.","876":"My graduate training combined physiological and clinical psychology allowing me to pursue my broad interest in the discipline of psychology and develop competency in a variety of areas. I have enjoyed teaching undergraduate courses in Introductory Psychology, Physiological Psychology, Abnormal Psychology, Lab Methods, Experimental Psychology, Health Psychology, Individual and Family Therapy. I have also taught graduate courses in Ethics, Psychological Assessment, and the Psychological Treatment of Mental Health Problems. I have also run courses open to the Public on Understanding Female Sexuality and Managing Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.","877":"There is no text for this class. Instead, you will be responsible for reading articles dealing with current events, in addition to handouts & videos. Several In-Class-Discussions may be given throughout the quarter covering topics discussed in the lecture or the required reading.","878":"All of these efforts center on the collaboration of classroom faculty and library faculty members to best meet the needs of the students and ensure the development of their information literacy skills.","879":"Now it should be apparent that functional and pictorial iconophobia\/philia are logically independent of one another. You can quite well regard mental images as being picture-like yet unimportant or bad (this seems to have been Plato's position), or as not involving anything pictorial yet very important - a view which I myself share with several contemporary psychologists (e.g., Neisser, 1976; Paivio, 1977, see secs. 3, 3.2). Nevertheless, there has been a strong tendency to associate the various forms of iconophilia and iconophobia, and this, I think, has caused confusion not only in people's understanding of their opponents' views but sometimes in their self-understanding as well.","880":"Are designed to combine academic studies with on-the-job training and experience and to give students an opportunity to work with NASA while completing their education. Each NASA Field Center manages its own programs.","881":"AUTHOR: This tutorial is the responsibility of Barbara Case, our Library's Psychology Department Liaison Librarian. Ever effort has been made to keep this tutorial accurate and current; however, you may find errors and some parts may become dated by new developments. If you do find errors, or if you find material which appears to no longer match current database screen displays, please inform Barbara Case as soon as possible.","882":"Another symptomatically weak argument is that given in support of the book's guiding methodological principle: \"it is solely in the brain that we must look for consciousness\" (p. 51: cf. pp. 19, 21, 25). This is forcefully asserted on the basis of a few brief descriptions of people suffering cognitive, emotional, and behavioral abnormalities due to brain damage. But it has been well known since the time of the Hippocratics that brain damage affects the mind, and this fact has never given much pause even to outright dualists.","883":"But returning to humans, perhaps the very fact of a more than associative coherence within the sequence of representations in one system would itself be available for registration within the other, and this could be a powerful contributory factor towards the homunculus error. The signs of something being in control of events within each system could well come to be represented in the other, yet, as neither system is a homunculus, capable of self-awareness, neither can be aware of itself registering and controlling the other. The signs of 'someone', some controller, being there are unmistakable, but it is never seen. It is an easy but faulty inference that there is a single, unobserved and unobservable agent responsible for the ordering of mental representations in general.","884":"Secretary, or which interact with the office of the administrator, based on administrative performance pertinent to the committee's work. Provisions shall be made for those selected faculty members to have access to a copy of the job description and work plan for the administrator being evaluated.","885":"MARC-U*STAR Students usually work full time (40 hours per week) during the summer (or during their quarter off) when they have no class commitments, and some 15 hours per week during the academic year. You need to communicate with your research director so that his\/her expectations for your participation in research are clear.","886":"C. Caballero announced that K. Ryan is the only candidate, so far.  Please let Cesar know if anyone would like to nominate someone else.  If no one else is nominated, or throws his\/her hat into the ring, K. Ryan will be elected by a confirmation vote at the next regular meeting of the CSITF.","887":"The Center's website chronicles on the efforts by faculty and students at UCLA who staged a demonstration and a hunger strike to push UCLA to establish a Chicano Studies Department on campus. Many of the original documents of this campaign are available, including plans for the CCC.","888":"Reserves makes assigned course readings available to students for short loan periods (1 hour, 2 hour, 1 day, 2 days, or 7 days). Materials accepted for placement on Reserve include: CSULA regular circulating books; personal copies of books and other course-related material; most government publications; and copies of articles photocopied in adherence to the United States Copyright Law.  Most articles and book chapters can be placed on Electronic Reserve; this permits students online access to course reserve material 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.","889":"In the case of Library, Counseling, and coaching faculty, the evaluation shall include measures of performance equivalent to the above and appropriate to each faculty member's professional responsibilities.","890":"And the principle of this cause puzzlement: why in the circle does the line which stands further from the center move faster than that one near to it which changes by nearly the same force, namely the smaller. For the faster is said in two ways. If it traverses an equal place in a smaller time, we say that it is faster, and if in an equal time it traverses more. The larger describes in an equal time a larger circle. For the outer is larger than the inner. And the cause of these things is that the line describing the circle moves with two movements.","891":"Selection Process. The External Awards Nominating Committee annually asks nominees to provide written authorization for access to their official files by all faculty members serving on the Committee and permission for the entire committee to discuss information so gathered in their deliberations. Nominations and other materials submitted in support of a nominee for an award shall be placed in the nominee's working personnel action file if no objection to such placement is registered by the nominee.* The file shall be made available to all members of the Nominating Committee who hold faculty status. Materials will not be removed from any official file, but records made by faculty members on the Committee regarding achievements pertinent to the award will be the subject of Committee deliberations at confidential meetings. Faculty nominees are encouraged to submit current curricula vitae to the External Awards Nominating Committee. These vitae shall be available to the entire committee.","892":"Appointment Procedures. Particular qualifications for positions shall be identified in writing, either by the fund grantor, subject to the approval of the appropriate department\/division\/school committee(s), or directly by the appropriate department\/division\/school committee(s). Approval of these qualifications shall follow department\/division\/school, college, and university procedures.","893":"Table 7 presents some basic health insurance information for the near elderly, showing the very high rates of uninsurance among some groups, particularly those who consider their health to be only \"fair\" or \"poor,\" those who have never been married, and those who are either working part-time or not working. In addition, quite striking differences exist between the insured population in this age group and the uninsured, particularly when the groups are broken down by income or work status.","894":"Click on the tab at the top of the page; you should notice that the search options below change. Since you want to do a title search, click the button next to the \"Title - exact periodical title \/ beginning of title.\"","895":"Despite the fact that our CSLA Library subscribes to more English language and literature journals than many comparable CSU libraries, you may frequently discover that the \"perfect\" article or book that you need for your paper is not owned by our Library. English is a large academic discipline with a great number of significant scholarly journals. MLA indexes over 6,000 journals. A university library of our size can afford to subscribe to less than 15% of  these journals. The Library coordinates its subscriptions with the faculty in English, and together we try to subscribe to the core journals in the discipline, as well as those that support our unique CSLA English Department curriculum.","896":"The Talgua region may hold a key to how cultures survived and thrived in the buffer zone between two great American culture areas- Mesoamerican and Andean The mounds at Talgua village on the edge of the Mosquitia rainforest, opposite, are among one hundred unexcavated structures aboveground. Archaeologists hope to identify the ethnic affinity of the ancient inhabitants, whose modern descendants may include the Pech , Tawahka, Tol and Lenca.","897":"Demarais & Cohen (1998) also suggest an interesting and quite plausible explanation of why the results of some (not all) earlier investigations imply that subjects' eyes tend to move less when they are doing mental tasks that supposedly depend upon imagery than when they are doing other sorts of task (e.g. Weiner & Ehrlichman, 1976; Hiscock & Bergstrom, 1981; Ehrlichman & Barrett, 1983; Bergstrom & Hiscock, 1988). Many experimental imagery tasks, it is suggested, do not involve the inspection of the extremities of a linearly extended image, but, rather, internal structural details of an image that may be relatively compact. Most eye movements they evoke are thus likely to be low amplitude \"fixation\" movements (microsaccades) rather than the large, more easily measurable saccades evoked by spatially linear transitive inference tasks.","898":"Note that the page number is enclosed in parentheses and that the punctuation which belongs to the sentence is placed after the citation. However, note the last example in the paragraph above where the question mark is placed inside the closing quote mark, followed by the parenthetical page reference, followed by an ending period.","899":"Some instructors use a \"question of the day\" format for their journal assignments, sometimes with a very sophisticated assignment sequence. In fact, Susan Peck MacDonald and Charles R. Cooper, two researchers at the University of California, San Diego, found that this structured approach was significantly more effective than the looser double-entry journal described above. The course involved in their study was \"Chinese Literature in Translation,\" but their procedures would work for almost any course.","900":"Survey of procedures used in processing the offender, from arrest, through trial, to prison and probation; contemporary theories of criminality and rehabilitation applied to the social evaluation of these procedures.","901":"Strain-displacement relations. Infinitesimal deformation theory. Deformation can be decomposed into \"pure deformation\" characterized by strains and rigid body rotation characterized by angles of rotation.","902":"The program is designed to increase their academic achievement in a solid science curriculum; integrate them into their major department and University communities; expose them to the biomedical sciences and scientists; enhance their academic achievement; and to lay the foundation for their eventual successful research careers in the biomedical sciences. The traditional undergraduate experience is enhanced through participation in co-curricular activities of seminars, workshops, special courses, and strong opportunities for year-round participation in contemporary research under the direction of the Training Faculty. The MBRS-RISE student's participation in research is part-time (10-15 hours per week) during the academic year, and full-time during the summer.","903":"Make-up exams will be given only to those who can verify a valid excuse for missing a quiz. The make-up will given at a time that is mutually agreeable to both the student and myself. Failure to take the make-up will result in the missed exam counting in as a zero.","904":"Fellows, and the Cal State LA scientific community as a whole, to a wide range of biomedical scientists representing various disciplines, with the intent of broadening the student research coworkers' scientific perspective. The presenters, which have included former Cal State LA MARC and MBRS students, are leaders in their scientific disciplines, and are frequently minority scientists. The seminars provide exposure to a range of academic and industrial biomedical scientists. Also integrated into the series are presentations by more advanced undergraduates and graduate students. A schedule of the seminars for the current term is available online at Biomedical Sciences Seminar Series (this seminar schedule site also includes biographical information about the seminar speaker, an abstract of the presentation, and recent references you may want to read as background for the seminar). These seminars are an integral part of the MARC-U*STAR program and attendance is mandatory.","905":"The answer, I would suggest, is that we too easily assume that the mind just is the brain, and that mental processes just are the processes being carried out by the neural computer. From such a perspective, the fact that many of these processes are not consciously experienced is at first puzzling, and, when it is taken on board, when we realize that being an informational process in the brain is not enough to make something conscious, it leads to a bootless search for the mysterious X factor that raises some select few of these processes to the conscious level. Perhaps there is no such factor; perhaps none of the brain's information processing is conscious as such; if cognition is defined to mean computational information processing, then all cognition may well be implicit. We should consider the possibility that the relationship between neural information processing and conscious experiencing may be rather more indirect and complex than a simple identity. Our brains' information processing certainly has a function, it does something for us, but once we abandon identity theory, we may no longer have to say the same about consciousness itself.","906":"He owns and is CEO of Calseismics, specializing in earthquake reinforcement of homes in southern California. Mr. Liebman's success in business and his generous nature have enabled him to endow and contribute to this scholarship. Mr. Liebman's devotion to the field program that he greatly enjoyed is a tremendous help to all students attending summer field.","907":"My current research interest is in multidisciplinary approach to modeling, simulation, analysis, and control of airbreathing hypersonic flight vehicles.I am also involved in the development of a proprietary fuel cell powered autonomous UAV for environmental research.","908":"With an 18 foot span, the wings have a high aspect ratio and help to provide the most lift with a minimum amount of drag.  This was important to the design of the UAV because the fuel cell power plant has a low power to weight ratio.  We basically wanted to design the airframe so that a minimum amount of power would be needed from the fuel cell to power the plane.","909":"Studies & Research and The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi. This event is held annually during the winter quarter and provides a local forum for all Cal State L.A. students to gain experience in delivering a professional presentation. Ten local winners are selected to represent Cal State L.A. in the statewide student research competition held annually at a CSU host campus where they are eligible for cash prizes.","910":"Wing (LIB PW) Lobby. You will be asked to show photo identification and complete the Request for Password Change form. The process to reset your password will take about 5 minutes, however your new password will not become active until the password file is updated on the system. The password file is updated every 60 minutes.","911":"Examination of sociological theory and research bearing on social stratification; social differentiation: class position, class interests, correlates of social class; trends in occupational mobility, comparison of stratification systems.","912":"Chapter 8 applies the PANIC perspective to the question of how far down the phylogenetic scale consciousness occurs. I would not say Tye's answers are entirely compelling (he tentatively concludes that caterpillars are not conscious, but bees are, although, lacking metarepresentation, they do not suffer from any pains they may feel), but the chapter is an interesting exploration of the uses to which a theory of the nature consciousness can be put. Without such a theory we have nothing but vague and conflicting intuitions to tell us which of our fellow creatures might be fellow conscious beings.","913":"Dell gives the option to buy a media slice that can include a floppy-drive in one bay and 8x DVD\/CD-RW combo drive in another. Dell's thorough design and sleek style is visible in the smallest details. The small CD-ROM's cable fits perfectly in the cable slot at bottom, making it all the more appealing. The dual sliding locks make is extremely easy to attach and remove the media slice.","914":"If only conservative forces (and possibly nonconservative \"workless\" forces) act on a system of particles during an interval of motion, then total energy is conserved. This is the law of conservation of energy.","915":"The research participation by our MARC-U*STAR students is year-round. During the academic year, the trainee's participation is limited by academic course commitments, but during the summer they devote full time to their research efforts, either on the Cal State LA campus or at another university or research institute.","916":"In the end, these two intellectual giants selected differing - but perfectly compatible - directions in which to explore and relate to \"the mystery\" that unceasingly surrounds and permeates us all: Jung chose to identify more with the principles of science as investigative tools, while Russell went down a primarily philosophical path. Both placed the experiential realms of the present moment in the center of their explorations.","917":"Student assistants should not have direct access to student, faculty, or staff data, nor should they have a password to access confidential data systems. If pre-approved, some students may assist with data input if a designated supervisor signs them onto the necessary system. Students may not remove any printed information from any department office without authorization from their immediate supervisor. Only authorized individuals may view confidential data, so everyone must try to safeguard confidential information on desks, copiers, and printers from the sight of others.","918":"English 101 (plus English 102 effective summer quarter, 1993) is prerequisite to that examination. Students must receive a grade of C (2.0 GPA) or better in each of the two courses to meet this requirement. Students who have not passed the GWAR will not be permitted to register for courses beyond 135 units. Transfer students who have completed 135 quarter units or more upon entrance must pass the GWAR during their first quarter in residence at Cal State L.A. Such transfer students who do not meet this requirement are subject to administrative probation or administrative disqualification. Students who have satisfied the upper division writing requirement at another institution with an implied level of achievement at least equivalent to that at this campus shall be considered to have met the Cal State L.A. requirement.","919":"This six-volume encyclopedia was designed to provide current information on Latino life in the United States. Entries vary in length from one paragraph to several pages. It includes people, organizations, geographic locations, history, entertainment, military activity, religion, family life, court cases, and cultural movements.","920":"Internet for some cool web sites? Well here is a listing of the sites we have discovered so far. We've included a wide range of headings from entertainment, news, theme parks, sports, magazines, shopping, and more.","921":"Prepositions are another source of difficulty, because they are generally idiomatic and not rule-bound. These little words define relationships rather than referring to objects or meanings. In many languages this kind of information is coded in an inflection on a noun. English has more prepositions than most languages, and if you look a preposition up in a dictionary you are likely to find twenty or thirty meanings, all rather vaguely defined.","922":"Social Contract Agreement: We give our attention to those that are speaking and keep our hands to ourselves when we are on the carpet. If we need to speak, we raise our hands. And the consequence for failing to do so is 1) removal from the activity. And if the problem is chronic 2) a behavioral contract.","923":"Attach all required documents to the typed credential processing and evaluation forms.  Verification of experience and examinations required must be ORIGINALS.  Copies will not be accepted.Write your CIN and social security number on all documents you are submitting.","924":"The university experience should provide students with guidance toward developing professional expertise, knowledge of the intricacies of the human experience, an appreciation of arts and the global environment, and skills of problem-solving and communication. My goals, then, are to challenge students to exploit their educational opportunities to their fullest, and also to provide guidance through their academic experiences.","925":"Collective nouns such as committee, faculty, and staff name a group. If the group functions as a unit, treat the noun as singular; if the members of the group function individually, treat the noun as plural.","926":"The University can accept responsibility for a grant or contract only if it has been submitted to an external funding agency in accordance with university policies and procedures as set forth in this and subsequent sections. While the initiative for seeking external funding lies with the individual faculty member, assistance in identifying prospective funding sources and in preparing applications is provided by the Office of Graduate Studies and Research, which also is responsible for initiating and coordinating preparation of certain institutional grants to external agencies.","927":"Books ordered via ILL are usually available for pick up in 7 to 14 days. Articles ordered via ILL are typically available in 4 to 14 days. Most articles ordered via ILL are sent directly to your campus email account as a PDF attachment; however, if the article arrive from the lending library as a printed photocopy, you will need to come to the Library to pick it up.","928":"This should all sound quite familiar. One hundred years later we are still making the same complaints, offering the same solutions, and asking the same questions. Why do our students write poorly? How do we teach students to speak and write well? In reality, these are ancient questions that go back to the origins of rhetoric.","929":"A patent is a grant issued by the U.S. government which gives the patent holder the right to exclude all others from making, using, or selling the invention within the United States and its territories and possessions for a period of 20 years from the date of application for the patent (14 years for plant patents). An extension of up to five years may be granted. When a patent application is filed, the U.S. Patent Office reviews it to ascertain if the invention is new, useful, and non-obvious and, if appropriate, grants a patent. This process may take up to five years to complete, in some instances.","930":"The members of the Executive Committee are each assigned to one of the four major committees of the Academic Senate -- Educational Policy, Faculty Policy, Fiscal Policy, and Student Policy Committees. All members of the Executive Committee not otherwise receiving assigned time shall be granted three or four quarter units of assigned time, depending upon what is consistent with each individual assignment. When circumstances dictate, the Executive Committee shall request the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs to grant assigned time to the Chair of the Committee on Academic Freedom and Professional Ethics.","931":"The Center maintains collaborative relationships with clinicians and researchers around the world, including Denmark, Sri Lanka, and England. Students present their work at several research symposia and conferences, including the Western Psychological Association and the American Psychological Association. Students with a passion for understanding the correlates and effects of posttraumatic stress and wish to know more about the Center may contact Dr. Fernando by e-mail, gfernan2@calstatela.edu .","932":"Full-text database which includes: worldwide newspaper articles, business and legal magazines, Federal and State court cases, annual reports, entertainment news, and more. Includes many Spanish language news sources.","933":"Faculty members and students participate in the governance of the University by their service both as members of the Senate, and as members of the university-wide standing committees and various subcommittees which are agencies of the Senate in the determination of internal policies.","934":"Administration of the Center. The administration of the center is the responsibility of a executive director reporting to the Vice President for Student Affairs. In addition, an Advisory Committee serves for regular consultation by the coordinator.","935":"When you have finished writing your text and want to quit and write (save) the file, hold down the <shift> key and press the <Z> key twice. You can also use the :w and :q commands to write the file and quit vi. You can type these commands separately or combine them into a single command :wq. To leave vi without saving any changes type :q!.","936":"For it has, in fact, been proved that because the diameter of every circle is smaller than a third part of the perimeter of every polygon which is equilateral and having more angles than the hexagon inscribed in the circle. The diameter of the world would then be smaller than ten-thousand-times the diameter of the earth. And so the diameter of the world has been proved smaller than ten-thousand-times the diameter of the earth, [3]while it is clear from this that the diameter of the world is smaller than 100 ten-thousand-times ten-thousand stadia. For since it is supposed that the perimeter of the earth is not larger than three-hundred ten-thousand (300,0000), but the perimeter of the earth is larger than three-times the diameter due to the fact that the circular-arc of every circle is larger than three times the diameter of every circle, it is clear that the diameter of the earth is smaller than 100 ten-thousand stadia (100,0000). And so since the diameter of the world is smaller than ten-thousand-times the diameter of the earth, it is clear that the diameter of the world is smaller than 100 ten-thousand-times ten-thousand stadia.","937":"The connection between writing and understanding is the foundation for a category of writing assignments called \"Writing- to-Learn.\" These assignments include different types of journals and notebooks, correspondence, problem-solving, question-posing, freewriting, lecture and reading summaries, expressive and exploratory writing.","938":"Following review by the Thesis Committee, the prospectus will be approved, conditionally approved, or not approved. If conditionally approved, or not approved, it will be returned to the student with suggestions for improvement, after which the student will resubmit it to the Thesis Committee within one month.","939":"The easiest way to begin writing a college essay is with brainstorming, clustering, or list making. There are other ways, but these are the simplest. With brainstorming, you simply write down everything you can think of about the topic, without rejecting any idea. Later, you go back and strike out the ideas you don't want to use. Clustering is similar, but with this method you start out with the main idea in a circle in the center, and put other ideas around it, connecting the ideas with lines. Clustering has the advantage of organizing the ideas a bit as you think of them.","940":"People come to the clinic from a variety of community agencies and resources.  In recent years the clinic has also extended its services to faculty, staff and students in the University.  Often it is necessary for clinic patients to be referred to other community resources in addition to those it provides.  For example, drug and alcohol problems require additional supervision and education; clinic patients with such problems are encouraged to participate in twelve step recovery programs in addition to counseling in the clinic.  Similarly, patients who come to the clinic with learning difficulties, medical problems, severe depression, and many other problems that require the services of other professionals besides clinic counselors are helped to obtain those services in the community.  There is no restriction on length of time patients may be seen in the clinic.  Some patients are seen for one or two sessions, others establish a longer term relationship with their counselors, and some clinic patients continue their counseling with more than one counselor.","941":"In what follows I will first outline the extant scientific theories of the nature and mechanisms of imagery, and will attempt to assess them purely as such. I will then try to delineate the relevant key components of the folk\/Romantic conception of imagination, and finally I will try to assess to what degree the respective scientific theories of imagery are capable of throwing light upon them.","942":"Laboratory research is a very social activity, and the new students interact and learn from more senior members of the group. The research group is also, importantly, a support group of individuals with similar career aspirations.","943":"TERC is a nonprofit research and development organization committed to improving mathematics and science learning and teaching. Among the curricular materials they developed are Used Numbers: Real Data in the Classroom. Take some time to browse this valuable site and take a look at the project resource links they provide.","944":"After approval of form GS-12, a written annual status report shall be submitted by the student to the department\u2019s graduate studies committee and\/or chair of the department, indicating progress toward completion of the thesis and degree.","945":"Policy Statement. The illegal possession, manufacture, cultivation, distribution, use or sale of any controlled substance is prohibited in and on California State University, Los Angeles, owned or controlled property. Any staff or faculty member determined to have violated this policy on University time or premises will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal, or may be required, at the discretion of the University, to participate satisfactorily in an approved counseling or rehabilitation program. Staff and faculty members found to be in violation of this policy will be subject to referral for prosecution consistent with the appropriate local, State or Federal law.","946":"Simulation substitutes for the real thing.  We concentrate on a technique called Monte Carlo simulation, which brings the computer equivalent of rolling the dice to a great variety of situations.  Common applications are scheduling, process flow, and market reactions.","947":"Murphy says that \"this coordinated curriculum for literacy\" began to erode only in the last two generations (7), and he advocates a return to educational practices which had worked well for thousands of years.","948":"Catherine is the only heir to her stern father's vast estate. When a dashing fortune hunter named Morris Townsend wants her to elope, she is threatened with disinheritance. On the eve of their marriage, he deserts her. Seven years later, Morris returns, and a wiser Catherine plots her revenge.","949":"I expect that all work you turn in as your own will be your own, including exams, quizzes, homework assignments, and anything else you submit for individual evaluation. Furthermore, every student is equally and collectively responsible for maintaining a good learning environment in the classroom and in study teams.","950":"The aim is to increase the number of PhD researchers among the vast pool of untapped, underrepresented talent in the Los Angeles area. The program extends to the graduate level CSLA's efforts to further its role as a prime national source of well-trained minority biomedical scientists and complements existing transitional and undergraduate training programs with similar objectives.","951":"My current research interest is in multidisciplinary approach to modeling, simulation, analysis, and control of airbreathing hypersonic flight vehicles.I am also involved in the development of a proprietary fuel cell powered autonomous UAV for environmental research.","952":"Hot Spot - An area of a graphic, object, or a section of text, that activates a function or action when selected. Hot spots are common in multimedia applications, where selecting a hot spot can make the application display a picture, run a video, load text, link to a Web page, or open a new window of information.","953":"It is worth noting, however, that, despite strenuous philosophical efforts over the last quarter century, no generally acceptable theory of the source of the representational power of mentalese is forthcoming, and, indeed, none may be possible (Horst, 1996; Cummins, 1997). We might do without the rather extravagant hypothesis of mentalese if the intentionality of imagery could be derived from that of ordinary spoken language (Kaufmann, 1980).","954":"The brainstorming and barnstorming program gives undergraduates the chance to persue mathematical research, take flight lessons and get paid for it! more information may be found at http:\/\/www.math.ksu.edu\/main\/events\/KSU-REU.","955":"Twenty-five graduating high school seniors from consortium high schools are required to live in campus dormitories during the eight-week program, and attend Math, Biology, Verbal\/Writing Skills and Problem-Solving Enrichment Courses.","956":"Part Five is a detailed look at the various features used for designing, editing, and enhancing the look of a table.  It also examines ways of importing, linking, creating, and editing Excel worksheets.","957":"Proteins are very large complex molecules that direct the vast array of chemical reactions that occur within living organisms and which constitute the life of those organisms. Many structural components of organisms are also proteins.","958":"Within two quarters of choosing a research advisor, each student, in consultation with his or her research advisor, will establish a Thesis Committee. At that time, the student will present to their Thesis Committee a prospectus for their thesis research program. The Thesis Committee will meet with the student at least every six months thereafter. The Thesis Committee, in cooperation with the student\u2019s research advisor and the Department Graduate Advisor, will monitor the progress of the student until the completion of the degree program.","959":"For some high beam energies it was not possible to measure elastic scattering at low enough Q2 that we could deduce directly from known elastic cross sections the target density. Elastic cross sections were specifically measured at low beam energies so that the higher Q2 data could be normalized to the lower Q2 data. This technique effectively normalizes data sets at different energies by use of the charged form factor of 3He.","960":"The MBRS program has provided support for students and faculty at Cal State LA since 1973. During this time, more than 700 students have participated and have used the Program to further their academic and professional careers. MBRS student research has resulted in the publication of nearly 500 journal articles. Program graduates have earned M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in a range of biomedical disciplines, and combined research\/clinician degrees such as the M.D.-Ph.D.","961":"It will save the Faculty Sponsor Form on your system. You can choose to save it on your hard drive or on a floppy disk, and open it later. When you open it later you will need the Adobe Acrobat Reader software, version 4.0 or later (see instruction 3, below).","962":"In a study of the efficacy of the WASSC system in an urban setting (Shindler, Taylor, Jones & Cadenas, 2003), significant advantages for a participant-driven, analytic-scale system were observed. The analytic-scale (i.e., rubric) instrument demonstrated greater soundness (i.e., validity, reliability, efficiency and benefit) than traditional inventories. The analytic instrument also proved more practical because it provided users with an educational tool for understanding climate, a venue for constructing a meaningful definition for \"quality school climate\" aligned with the school's goals, and language that helped participants move from the diagnosis of problems to prescriptions for the cures. Traditional surveys are not designed to provide these benefits. The use of an analytic instrument in the hands of committed faculty and staff creates both ownership and transparency to the assessment process. These findings confirmed previous research that suggests meaningful reform is not possible without both of these conditions being present. Moreover, the WASSC system demonstrated the capacity to provide continuity to school personnel as they attempted to move from assessment to planning to action without losing momentum or vision.","963":"Department\/division chairs or school directors shall be guided by a manual outlining college policies and procedures for which the college dean is responsible as to development and periodic revision. In addition, there shall be both orientations and regular working sessions for department\/division chairs and school directors, conducted by the college dean and, as needed, by the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs or designee.","964":"Administration and Finance when the applicant is a student or a recognized organization thereof; Director of Human Resources Management when the applicant is a verified employee organization; and the Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs when the activity is related to the instructional program of the University. The Vice President for Administration and Finance shall be the President's designee when the applicant is not a member of the campus community.","965":"The secretary shall keep a permanent record of minutes of all meetings of the Senate and shall distribute copies of such minutes to the President of the University, the Senate members, the faculty, and the Board of Directors of the Associated Students as soon as possible after each meeting. The secretary shall act in the absence of the vice chair. The secretary shall become the vice chair in the event the office of the vice chair becomes vacant (see Article IV, section 6, item h). If the office of secretary becomes vacant, the Senate shall elect a secretary from among the other members of the Executive Committee for the remainder of that term of office.","966":"Admission to the graduate program in Speech-Language Pathology is a competitive process whereby all full-time faculty are part of a committee that evaluates the credentials of all applicants. Prospective students are admitted, placed on a waiting list, or denied admission on the basis of an evaluation of their grade point average, GRE scores, letters of recommendation, and letter of intent.","967":"Research if course work is to be taken in departments\/divisions in more than one college, or to the appropriate college graduate dean if the majority of the course work is in departments\/divisions within one college.","968":"By contrast, I think that O'Regan & No worry too much about explaining why sight differs experientially from each of the other traditional five senses: i.e. their sensorimotor alternative to the doctrine of specific nerve energies,.","969":"So was this a conference about a mental faculty called imagination, or just a bunch of presentations about some of the more mysterious aspects of cognition, related by nothing more than their invocation of a notoriously slippery, rhetorical and unscientific word? Did Marco Iacoboni's work on the neuroscience of motor imagery really bear much relation to Dominic Lopes' insights into the communicative functions of pictures, or to George Graham's conceptual analysis of schizophrenic symptoms? Were Steven Mithen's speculations about the cognitive adaptations that allowed homo sapiens to out-compete homo neandethalis really relevant to Jonathan Lear's ruminations on irony in psychoanalysis? Maybe; but I heard no-one at this meeting make any serious attempt to explain what connection, if any, there might be between the superficially diverse senses of \"imagination\" that the various speakers invoked. This was especially disappointing to me as someone who has actually worked on the issue of the meaning and conceptual coherence of \"imagination\", arguing against the polysemy view (Thomas, 1997, 1999), and it was surprising because I know at least one of the conference organizers has done related work (Kind, 2001). I am not saying that no progress can be made in \"imagination studies\" without an explicit consensus about what \"imagination\" means, but it seems unlikely that the nascent field can truly flourish unless it at least faces up to the problem, and it was not faced at this meeting.","970":"The executive summaries should be of articles about applications of quantitative methods to business and society.  Look first in the journal Interfaces.  The journals Management Science, Decision Sciences and , Operations Research are more technical, but they contain many interesting articles.  From time to time The Harvard Business Review, Management Accounting, and the general press also have good articles on applications of quantitative methods.  Jurimetrics (Journal of Law, Science and Technology), published by the American Bar Association, has many thought provoking articles.  Find applications that interest you.","971":"Of course, two homunculi are worse than one, but no homunculi are called for here. As Dennett67 notes, Hume's solution to \"Hume's problem\", the problem of semantically driven thought68, lay in the mechanism of the association of ideas, the ideas entraining one another. Hume got rid of the homunculus alright, the reason why his theory is, in Dennett's words \"a notorious non-solution\" to the problem is not that it is question begging or even that it is false. Surely association does take place, we are often aware of it. The trouble is that it is seriously insufficient to explain the facts it confronts. On the one hand it cannot account for consciousness because, without a homunculus, there is nothing outside the 'imagination' in which the Humean ideas float to register their presence there, and, on the other, while thought may involve trains of association, that is certainly not the whole story. Not all thinking is daydreaming; sometimes our thought is considerably more structured and directed. But as two legs would seem to be the minimum requirement for walking, two associative systems working together may be able to achieve a more than quantitative advance over the potentialities of one69. The mistake of Empiricism (well one of them, anyway) was to essentially treat all thought as imagistic, with language being treated, for the most part, as just an input\/output mechanism. The twentieth century's pervasive 'lingualism'70 seems to me to be a falling into the converse error.","972":"The articles assigned in the class schedule are for discussion.   Do not use these for written summaries, but note that they are articles of the type you should summarize.  With your summary include your name, a full citation, and a copy of the article.  I may retain the copy.","973":"In his enormous Commentary on Aristotle's Physics, Simplicius (6th cent. CE), our only source for the mathematical details of the problems, cites two sources, Alexander of Aphrodisias (late 2nd cent. CE) and Eudemus of Rhodes (4th cent. BCE). The methods of Alexander and Eudemus are very different, while Alexander only provides the first and fourth of Eudemus' examples, which also happen to be easier than the other two. Alexander's method is conceptually simpler and happens to be more general than the method used by Eudemus. Indeed, it encompasses the class of all lunules whose construction does not require the squaring of a circle. This generality may be incidental; the simplicity of the method may indicate nothing more than that the method of Alexander was developed as a school presentation. Although Eudemus' account is the older, it may be impossible to determine which, if either, is original to Hippocrates, or even whether Hippocrates discovered all four lunules discussed by Eudemus.","974":"This program is designed to allow you to quickly implement your HTML based forms. The program is configured by information you provide in the form itself, so you can get the script to handle your data in a variety of ways without changing your scripts.","975":"Did you notice that this example demonstrates using the OR operator to make a big set containing all subject headings related to one concept? This example also shows how it helps to review the last set once more with Expand--in this case,  this step uncovered a large frequency of occurrences of the subject heading \"Blindness\" which needed to be excluded using the NOT operator.","976":"The Women's Health Project was established by Dr. Fary Cachelin in Fall, 1997.  The purpose of the project is to study the occurrence of disordered eating in women of various ethnicities, comparing Caucasian, African-American, Asian and Hispanic women.  Currently, very little is known about eating disorders in minority women, particularly Asian and Hispanic women.  This past year, eleven undergraduate and graduate research assistants have worked on the project.  Research assistants typically attend weekly training meetings, actively recruit participants, and conduct clinical phone interviews.  The information collected from this project will hopefully promote further research, and help form public policy related to women's health issues.","977":"Executive Option (EMSIS) is designed for working executives, managers, and professionals who are interested in a career redirection or change into the business information systems\/technology field. It is designed to provide persons currently employed in business and other types of organizations in management and operations positions, the education needed to obtain the professional and managerial knowledge and skills needed for senior level positions in information systems\/information technology (IS\/IT) user and support organizations, such as: consulting, user management, development planning and management, and data center operations.","978":"Agencies such as the Armed Forces, whose representatives act primarily as information agents, may be allowed access to the campus community outside of the physical limits of the Center for Career Planning and Placement. Information programs of this sort may be staged in approved public areas insofar as prior agreement is secured from the Center for Career Planning and Placement and the Associate Vice President for Student Affairs\/Dean of Students. This waiver is available only to governmental agencies.","979":"Because of Magic, people all over the world are more aware of AIDS and put more significance on protected sex. Hopefully, Magic will continue to heighten the awareness of the world, and hopefully, the world will continue to exist among us for a long, long time to come.","980":"If you are using this reading program as a way of generating practice writing topics for yourself, the personal response may be expanded to essay length. Choose an article that interests you or is about an issue you have strong feelings about. Do you agree or disagree with the writer, or the sources cited in the article? What do you think should be done?","981":"Let's locate the Library Catalog record. Click on the blue Library Catalog  next to the paper and microfilm versions. Look at the full record displayed and note how easy it is to find the exact call number location (HQ750.A1 C45) in our library. Also note that the record tells you that this call number can be found in Periodicals North-A.","982":"In addition to the category of regular members, the Association provides the special classifications of \"Contributing Life\", \"Life\", and \"Supporting\" membership for those who wish to contribute additional funds in support of the association's work.","983":"All faculty members are provided Workers' Compensation benefits for work-related injuries and illnesses. Work-related injuries and illnesses should be reported immediately to the faculty member's department\/division\/school and the Office of Human Resources Management not later than 24 hours after the injury or illness becomes known.","984":"Let's start by clicking on the entry for the book: Preschool education programs for children with autism (published in 2001). Examine the full record display. Note that the phrase child development appears in the notes area. Note that this book is not ABOUT child develoment. Look at the subject heading for this book, it is about how to manage autistic children in classrooms.","985":"Dictionaries are an important resource, but many people overuse them. In general, looking up words in a dictionary disrupts your natural reading process. When reading, you should look up a word only when you can't make sense of the article without it.","986":"Purpose. The purpose of Grants-in-Aid is to advance the progress of specific programs of research or creative activity by helping to defray the scholar's essential expenses connected with the project. The research or creative activity is expected to result in publication appropriate to the discipline.","987":"Select sentences that are particularly tangled, incoherent, or erroneous in fact or concept for comment or discussion. If possible, discuss these in a one-on-one conference with the writer, or have the student discuss them with a Writing Center tutor.","988":"Again, go back to the list of records by clicking on the List of Records. You can do this by clicking on the Back button on your browser. Now, find the Find the article: How healthy is your olive oil? Examine the full record for this title; in particular, read the abstract.","989":"For if body Z is finer than D by so much as E exceeds H, A will conversely traverse the distance Z in it with its speed in as much time H, if it travels. If then there is no body in Z, it will traverse yet faster. But it went in time H. Thus in an equal time it will traverse what is full as a void. But this is impossible.","990":"BOOKS -- Anyone in the CSULA community can recommend that a new book be purchased by the Library.  Although the Library reserves the right to make all decisions on what to purchase, it will try to fulfill as many appropriate requests as possible, budget permitting.  What is appropriate?  Requested books should be academic in nature, support the curriculum, and reasonably priced.  Popular or highly specialized titles are of lower priority.  For example, the Library buys little popular fiction, so a request for a new science fiction novel is unlikely to be honored unless required for a specific course.  Priority will always be given to curricular needs over other pursuits.","991":"The primary reference for this course will be the course material contained in this website and the DVD based instructional material mentioned earlier. There is also a  web page on this site that has links to references from various sources obtained mostly from the Internet. They have mostly been captured in Adobe PDF format and made available for downloading on the web page entitled \"References\".","992":"Resolution of a force into a force and a couple.  The force and moment balance on a body is unchanged if a force is \"moved\" transversely and parallel to itself and a compensating couple moment is added to the body to maintain moment balance.","993":"University, Los Angeles Federal Credit Union. Shares may be purchased in the credit union through monthly payroll deductions or by direct payment. Loans are also available under the policies established for loans by the Credit Union Committee. Applications for loans are available in the Credit Union Office.","994":"The concepts of imagination and consciousness have, very arguably, been inextricably intertwined at least since Aristotle initiated  the systematic study of human cognition (Thomas, 1998). To imagine something is ipso facto to be conscious of it (even if the wellsprings of imaginative creativity are in the unconscious), and many have held that our conscious thinking consists largely or entirely in a succession of mental images, the products of imagination (see, e.g., Damasio, 1994 -- or, come to that, see Aristotle, or Hume, or almost any pre-twentieth century cognitive theorist). A venerable tradition also regards perceptual experiences, the main focus of most recent work on consciousness, as products of the imagination, whose primary function is to integrate sensory inputs and render them meaningful (Thomas, 1998, 1999). As Coleridge (1817) famously put it, primary imagination is \"the living power and prime agent of all human perception.\" A better understanding of imagination is likely to deepen our insight into the nature of consciousness (and, probably, vice-versa).","995":"Provides indexing and abstracting of the contents for nearly 3,800 scholarly journals and popular magazines. More than 1,500 of the journal articles are available in full-text and more than 1,000 are full image (word and picture searchable).","996":"CSULA came in first in the four-hour endurance race on the third day.  This gave the team first place overall.  The prize was a large trophy with the name of the university engraved on it. U.C. Irvine placed second.","997":"We offer a Master of Science degree in Mathematics with options in general and in applied mathematics as well as a Bachelors of Science and a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics, each with several options. In addition to its major programs, the department supports an undergraduate minor program as well as an approved Subject Matter Program for the Single Subject Teaching Credential in Mathematics.  Supplementing the academic programs are seminars, colloquia, speakers, and other events.","998":"Welcome to the ATP (Adaptive Technology Program) at California State University at Los Angeles. This program evaluates adaptive technology needs of students, staff and faculty and recommends appropriate adaptive solutions.","999":"More than 50% of CSLA students are non-native speakers of English. Often these students produce written work that is filled with grammatical errors, odd syntax, and inappropriate word choices, even when they seem to have a good understanding of the concepts and the materials of the course. How can we help these students become more fluent writers and speakers of English?"}}